Installing the game was a struggle (because of games for windows live bugs).Some championship races and cars can only be "unlocked" by buying them as an addon to the game. I paid nearly 30 dollars when the game was new. I don't like the idea that I have to keep paying to keep playing.I noticed no improvement in the physics or graphics compared to Dirt 2.I tossed it in the garbage and vowed never to buy another codemasters game. I'm really tired of arcade style rally/racing games anyway.I'll continue to get my fix from Richard Burns Rally, and you should to. :)http://www.amazon.com/Richard-Burns-Rally-PC/dp/B000C97156/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1341886844&sr;=8-1&keywords;=richard+burns+rallyThank you for reading my review! If you enjoyed it, be sure to rate it as helpful.
1st shipment received a book instead of the game.2nd shipment got a FAKE one. Game arrived with a wrong key inside on sealed box. I got in contact with codemasters and send them pictures of the DVD and the content. They said nothing they can do its a fake DVD.Returned it good bye.!
I can't tell you what a piece of dog**** this game is. Like everything else Microsoft makes- it doesn't work. When are they going to take a cue from Apple and make things that actually work the first time and every time. To log onto this game they make you jump through a series of hoops that takes like 15 min. to accomplish. If you want another disappointment from Microsoft, buy some "Games for Windows Live" games.  I just wanted a simple arcade like driving game when I have a young boy visiting. If that's what you want, don't buy this. If you want to hire a consultant to help you run this game, then buy it.  oh, one more thing, every time I do get this game to play my joystick stops working (there's Windows 7 for you)
I still haven't figured this one out. Did everything as instructed but the game never installed. Strange. Since I don't like to rate on something I couldn't get to work, I'll just say that I didn't like it because I couldn't get it to work :P For those that did manage to get it installed, I'm sure it's a great game. I had the first Dirt and it was a scream! Too bad this one bombed. Maybe a bad disc...
I bought this and the key didn't work.  It was a gift, and the recipient wasn't able to solve the problem.  It might have been a good game, but I never found out because the key failed.
Crashed in Vista.  Codemasters told me they don't support it in Windows 8.  Couldn't get it to work even after looking on the Internet.
This game was a rip-off.  It has less terrain, less tracks, and less features than DiRT 2.  The graphics are about the same.  Not worth the money, at all.
This game is bug landFirst had problems installing because it required some windows market software. Then it did not have any voice sounds. Then it was running on windowed mode only. Now, everytime I end a track it just crashes the computer (BSoD).I give up. Codemasters, next time, dont rush a game out just because you have to. Test the game! If not for yourself for Colin himself. If he was alive he would be embarrassed.And don't buy the game using Steam because if it does not work, Steam will show you the finger :)
DiRT 2 was like this.  I'm becoming more & more suspicious of games like this that require a continuous open Internet to play.  It just seems like bait set out for some young naive prey to fall for.  Does anyone honestly believe that personal information is collected for no particular reason?  I don't care what they say publicly.  Any assurances of privacy protection are quite hollow without close oversight, and nobody's looking.  It's quite a different thing to knowingly step out into a multiplayer server where you know you're being tracked, but this type of continuous spying is something more.  That aside, this carrot on a stick has more problems than just security.CONS - Requires open Internet (Windows Live) to play.  Annoying interface.  Continuous reminders to upload and download things you already selected not to do.  Most settings don't keep between sessions.  Setting up a race takes way too long.  Irritating "music" you can't turn off (it keeps coming back).  Takes too long to unlock things.  Entire career mode is pointless when the game setup is so irritating I just wanted out.  Video stuttering (possibly my equipment).PROS - Eye candy.  Plenty of game modes.  Enough tracks to get going.  Fairly good variety of cars.  Scaled difficulty levels from casual to advanced.I think this franchise, like many others, continues soley for the purpose of farming user information; where it seems the real money is.  If I can't turn it off, and some else controls the on-off switch, that's a problem.  Sometimes it might be worth it, but not here.  I found some entertainment value, but very briefly.  Anyway,  just my opinion...
I would like give this game 4 or 5 stars, if I could get it to run. Like others the game crashes on start-up or in the game and Codemasters has been absolutely no help in correcting it. Why they can't get their asses in gear (pun intended) and fix it I don't know, but with so many folks reporting the problem it isn't just occasional. I assume they either can't replicate the problem or just don't care. Lacking any help from Codemasters, I've tried the various fan fixes, including uninstalling Rapture 3D. Also tried installing on Vista and Win 7 and that didn't help either, which is a shame since from the other reviews it seems like a great racing sim.
The game itself is great, but Games for Windows Live is such a frustrating piece of garbage.  I wish it would just die and stop bringing down my PC gaming experience.
I cannot get this thing to work with my Wii Rockband 3.It might be related to the USB hub that I'm using, but it simply refuses to be detected by the game.Cosmetically, it's a microphone. Bit on the ugly side.I would be wary of compatibility issues with this one.
The greatest bait and switch betrayal of a fanbase in videogaming history and most hated game of all time.To begin I will provide Amazon's customer base the &#34;tale of the turd&#34; as I call it in relation to this abomination's &#34;quality&#34; or rather lackthereof:Gameplay: Utterly challengeless. A lobotomy patient, a two year old drooling baby in a feces filled diaper or even an individual with a severe case of down syndrome could easily complete this game in a single sitting with minimal effort. Just mash buttons or &#34;spam&#34; the controls as PC gamers would say and you'll eventually complete this atrocious slap in the face Disney level Aonuma dreck.Graphics: Hideous, vomit inducing, ridiculous, teletubbies-esque, bait and switch from what we were originally promised at Spaceworld 2000 (realistic style epic, cool and beautiful graphics with a decidedly Lord Of The Rings style flare) Also there are ugly and gaudy white lines that appear all throughout Wand Wacker indicating Nintendo was not able to polish this turd before release. Oh what a shame.Sound: The only redeemable inspiring thing about this Aonuma dud is the ocean music likely composed by Koji Kondo. The rest is detestable Saturday morning cartoon level kiddy drivel. Soccer moms and grandparents should approve. Real Zelda fans can only vomit at this level of disrespect Nintendo has stooped to in order to insult us.Theme: Near total rip off of Kevin Costner's Water World to such a great extent I fully believe Costner could probably win a lawsuit against Nintendo for royalties if he so desired. Needless to say this watery environment is not what true Zelda fans look forward to when we go to pick up a new Zelda game. No, what we're looking for is the green forests and fields of Hyrule proper, not some watery grave that sits atop it for reasons likely relating to Aonuma's child learning how to bathe for the first time and Aonuma getting inspired to make Zelda into a giant bathing simulator via Wand Wacker. I've said it before and I'll say it again Nintendo needs to fire Eiji Aonuma and his entire Zelda team and get normal people developing the Zelda series again for it to return to health.Commentary: The online game journalists also known as professional liars can attempt to re-write history all they like but The Legend Of Celda: Wand Wacker will go down as the most hated videogame of all time and the greatest betrayal of a fanbase in gaming history.This was Nintendo, Miyamoto and Eiji Aonuma's Vince Mcmahon esque &#34;Screw you!&#34; to the true Zelda fanbase and by true Zelda fanbase I'm not referring to the scumbag sycophants that populate online gaming message forums but the market in general who determines whether videogames become massive successes or massive failures and the true Zelda fans spoke loud and clear not once but twice.Two whole times on that Wand Wacker piece of dog excrement first with its original Gamecube release and second with its Wii U HD re-release that this is not the way that they envisioned the Legend Of Zelda series, this is not the way they wanted it to go and as a result Wand Wacker flopped mightily BOTH times as such a Benedict Arnold or Rosenbergs esque betrayal is destined to do.To rephrase a quote from Ridley Scott's Gladiator: &#34;Marcus Aurelius had a dream that was Zelda and this is not it, THIS IS NOT IT!&#34;We were lied to and led to believe that the epic, cool, badass, Spaceworld 2000 realistically presented Zelda would be what we would soon be getting on the Gamecube but then much later the bait and switch hideously deformed Celda Wand Wacker made its debut to boos and hisses worldwide and massive hate on the internet was poured it and Nintendo's way (before the damage control brainwashing took effect which has left a dishonest internet forum gaming community in its wake who pretends to love Wand Wacker in order to shill and run damage control for Nintendo while real Zelda fans have abandoned Nintendo due to its betrayal of them for the other consoles or PC gaming if they haven't simply upped and left gaming in disgusting over this nasty unnecessary debacle and betrayal of Zelda's true fans.Eiji Aonuma the hack no talent Jimmy Fallon Of Japan enabled by the out of touch Shigeru Miyamoto has been ruining the Zelda series since he took up its reigns to create the embarrassment known as Majora's Mask.Aonuma's first game &#34;Marvelous&#34; failed (MARVELOUSLY!) and he had no credentials at all to be given the Zelda series but insanely Nintendo gave it to him and ever since he's been driving Zelda along with it's sales figures into the ground making one boring puzzle filled bad NPC filled faux Zelda game after another.When the truth of the matter is Zelda is supposed to be an arcade action adventure sword and sorcery game with light RPG elements thrown in for good measure.Aonuma completely butchers this formula in favor of the boring garbage gameplay elements he prefers and the market lets him know what it thinks of his efforts by making sure his version of Zelda ends up in the bomba discount gaming bins where such low quality trash belongs.In anycase to re-iterate so as to set this very important point in stone once more:Wand Wacker offers up literally no gameplay challenge whatsoever and can be completed by a lobotomy patient (as is typical of Aonuma offerings).Conclusion: My rating of this turd is 1 star since I can't give it lower due to how Amazon's system is set up.
Are 9 out of 10 GAMECUBE games like this little kid's game terrible? Answer: YesI bought the game, and I regret it so much!
I was very disappointed in this item.  We thought we would get a better picture than the standard WII video cables, but definatley took a leap in the wrong direction.  I would not recommend.
I enjoyed the first Hawx game. However they left out some key things in Hawx 21) No coop mode - I really enjoyed that2) Can't choose your own plane right off the bat. You have to use whatever they tell you.Those two things will make me not play this game anymore!
I loved the first Hawx PC game when it came out. Playing Hawx 2 got boring after several missions, is just a shame.
There are at least 5 missions that cannot be completed without joining the forum, then the Creator's Forum, and a lot of research, downloading, etc.  4 of these defective missions were built by "Bottman"...someone that should definitely find another occupation.BUT...do not waste your time because the missions are incredibly boring and far from challenging.  The ones they label as "Hard" are as easy as those labeled "Easy".  My 6-year granddaughter could do most of them after 15 minutes of instruction.Do not buy this product.  The GFX are circa 2003, the user interface far from intuitive, and the support abysmal. It's a waste of money & time.Too bad.  Ship.sim 2006 was actually better....AND all the missions worked.  Vstep took one giant step backward.
My father is a seaman. I have seen many ships, sailed with him around the world numerous times. So ships are in my blood. When i saw this game I bought it without batting an eyelid. Well I wish I didn't because I now regret my decision.The game is unique in its concept. We never really had a maritime ship simulation that wasn't centrally focused on war and sinking other ships :). This one happens to be just peace-time shipping simulation with different kinds of detailed ships ranging from cargo, to passenger, to rescues, to towing, to even trying to alter history by succesfully sailing Titanic to New york on its first maiden voyage etc. The game creator has gone to great details to simulate as much as possible the Intricacies of piloting as well as managing huge ships operations. Any aspiring sea captian or sea salt will identify with some if not most aspects of piloting a ship as simulated in this game. But to me thats where all the goodies end.The cons associated with game are just too game-breaking to me and i have essentially stopped playing the game. Until these issues gets addressed i am not spending anymore money on this games series.First and foremost this game badly needs a voluntary "Time Compression" feature. Not all of us have 2-3 hours to devote each time we decide to play this game to have some fun. Sometimes it take an hour or so just to get out of harbour and tag some hours more on this to complete the mission. With a game in which you are looking at ocean waves for hours this gets boring really fast. This is just plain very annoying and game destroying factor to me. I know some people have all the time in the world to savour and enjoy games but a lot dont too. Since its not a action oriented game the passage of time is felt even more. If they can incorporate a Time Compression feature it will make the game lot more open to different segments of gamers.Second is the still dated graphics engine. I see lots of people commenting on how good the graphics look. I have a pretty good rig and i can play games like Mass Effect and Silent Hunter 4 in almost thearatical quality but even with everything maxed out this game just looks medicore graphics wise. The ships and ocean etc. looks very simplistically rendered from today's standard. The graphical quality of this game released in 2008 is kind of dissappointing though.Last some of the missions in the game are just plain novice or fillers in my opinion. This game is geared towards people who like to pilot huge ships yet we have a lot of missions devoted to speed boats for stunts, hover boats etc. I bought the game to simulate a ship expirience not go around flipping in speed boats.Anyways..i wouldn't really recommend anyone spend $40 bucks on this game. Wait until it gets to $19 or so bargain bin. And i hope the developers put some real effort into make a more viable ship simluator for its next incarnation or you are not getting any more money from me.
This thing was DOA. It wasn't even worth returning for the money I spent on it. Don't waste your money on this card.
I bought 4 of these, 1 of which was shipped to me with defects, and 2 more became defective within about 2 weeks of normal use. I would not recommend these to any one, but couldn't give a 1 star as1 of 4 cords still works fine
I bought this game way back and recently played it again.. well..the game was easy to beat when i was 6 and its still as easy.Well, my problem(s)?Not enough characters and its just not very fun and.. yeah that makes it boring.. but if ur a fan of the older games ( like me ) you may like this game ( unlike me )It's cheap now so, I guess it wouldn't hurt to pick it up.. it costs as much cash as to rent a game at the videostore..so do what you want with it.
Breath of Fire Three is the third part to what was a very good series of RPGs. Breath of Fire One seems to be what most people I talk to about games  consider the best. Even though I loved Breath of Fire 2 the most. I  expected a lot from breath of fire 3. Perhaps this helped lower my opinion  of Breath of fire 3, but I did not like this game.As far as game play  goes like all BoF games in BoF 3 you have the ability to turn into a  dragon. Like BoF 1 and unlike BoF2 when you turn into a dragon you stay one  for a while. While you're a dragon you loose MP every turn to keep you from  staying one forever in that combat unlike BoF 1. All the character seem to  get their own special power. The character list is short and one of the  characters on the list of the book never fights with you as a character.  The training system you can find people to help you with is actually kind  of pointless weird and honestly I didn't like it. The town to town walking  is slow and you never get fast transportation.As far as plot goes the  plot is the plot starts off okay. Then about two hours in goes in a  different direction. It is fine for a while then but around the end is a  large dungeon that is boring to go threw and leaves the any not very much  of a climax. They lost any suspense you could have built up similar to the  Tales Of Destiny ending. Also the characters don't have very strong and  noticeable personalities. Also if you keep up with it you won't like the  direction the plot takes thirds of the way threw.As far as control goes  it's basically standard of with noting exceptionally notable about  it.The graphics to this game are not very good. It is done in sprites.  Sometimes I myself prefer sprits but I do not like the character drawings  of this game. On the walking town to town map character looks chubby and  short. The drawings are basic and too simple. There was only one of the  dragons I liked the look of. However there is a little onion that can  follow around with your party who beat all other RPGs in cuteness of a  single character. The cute hopping onion is defiantly the main reason to  buy this game if you do.And finally as far as length of time it can stay  interesting the game is longer them many RPGs won't be beaten on a short  rental. If you get this game buy it.Overall this game is the worst of  the BoF series. I don't recommend buying it unless its finishes some  collection you are working on, or if you have to see a hopping onion follow  people around.
this is an excellent game that really has some substance! the graphics are not the best and it is oversahdowed by the bigger game final fantasy VII. if FF7 was too long for you, get breath of fire 3. the story is good and the battle system is great!
yeah the cpu is like  completley retarded gulie does not counter with his flip kicks ryu doesnt ever do his shukoken uppercuts to counter but  some of the characters can be pretty hard like T. Hawk but i just dont get the street fighter arcade - like feeling
I actually played the Saturn version with the 4MB RAM cart, and I have to say that the PS1 version SUCKS! Why? Because tag-team was taken out because the PS1 could not handle it. It did not have enough RAM (Random Access Memory) to switch fighters since it takes about at least 40 MB of RAM, and the PS1 only has 32 MB.  If Capcom did put in tag-team, then it would take forever to load up a character once you tag-team with it, you can tag-team with the same character, but it does not feel the same.I suggest get a Saturn, (it is only $10 bucks or less) get a 4MB RAM cart which you can find at EB.com, or any Video game store, and get the Import version of X-men vs. Street Fighter, trust me you wont be disappointed.
To say that the PS1 version of Capcom's X-Men VS Street Fighter is butchered is saying it lightly.  What made the game so great in arcades was the tag-team feature in which you picked two fighters and could switch at any time during the fight.  This feature made for great fighting fun, but because of the PS1's RAM inabilities, that feature had to be omitted.  It's obvious Capcom released this game to make a quick buck on the X-Men and Street Fighter licenses, and while on it's own it can be a solid fighter without the tag-team feature, the graphics are painfully watered down, the game is loaded with sloppy frame rates, and there is loads of slowdown.  If you can get past all that, this may be worth checking out if your a Street Fighter fan, but the Marvel VS Capcom games that would be released later on next-gen systems are more worth your time.
When a system is incapable of doing justice to a game, one would think a company would be smart enough to not release the game on that system. But for reasons that are probably based entirely around making money, Capcom has released a completely butchered version of its arcade fighter, X-Men vs. Street Fighter, on the PlayStation. The only thing added to the game is super cancels, which allow you to string multiple super combos together. Super cancels were lifted out of Street Fighter EX without much forethought, so some characters' cancels work better than others. In fact, the entire game seems to have been designed without much forethought. Even if this were a perfect translation of the arcade game, the simple fact remains that X-Men vs. Street Fighter is a terrible, unbalanced, pound-on-buttons-at-random-and-win-anyway fighting game.One of the few things the arcade version (and the Saturn version, which was an arcade-perfect translation) had going for it was the graphics. They weren't spectacular, but the characters were large, colorful, and used a lot of frames of animation. The PlayStation, a fairly weak machine when it comes to 2D, simply can't handle that much data. So Capcom chopped out tons of frames (Juggernaut does a whole lot of standing still, and his attacks are about two frames). The graphics look very washed out, and there is a completely unacceptable amount of slowdown. Ken's Shinryuken super combo had most of the frames chopped out, and it still slows the game down to a crawl. The slowdown and missing frames are so bad and so noticeable that they have a detrimental effect on the already bad gameplay.The arcade version's big selling point was that you picked two characters and could tag-team between the two at any time during the fight. Your teammate would also come out and help in a two-level team attack, as well as in Alpha counter-style attacks. Since duplicating this on the PlayStation would require keeping four entire sets of animations in memory, the tag feature has been completely removed. You still pick a second character (cruelly taunting players expecting the full functionality of the arcade version), but he only makes his presence felt during the team attacks and counters. To make up for the shortened play time, the one-round battles of the arcade have been extended to the standard two-out-of-three format. Characters also slowly regain life, much like your backup character would in the arcade.This game just shouldn't exist. At some point in the development cycle, someone should have stepped in, seen that the PlayStation simply couldn't do justice to the original game, and pulled the plug. It took an additional 4MB of RAM to get the Saturn, which already has more RAM than the PlayStation, to run a perfect version of the game. I like the Street Fighter series as much as the next guy, but this is taking it way too far.
I spent a week trying to get a grasp of the controls for this game.  I'm a true Batman fan and even I had to put this game down after several attempts.  It was either too dark so you didn't know where the character was going or you couldn't establish enough control of the game to fight the bad guys.  Not real crazy about the commute to the crime location as well, it was hard to locate where you were going, unless you are the true dark knight who knows every inch of Gothem City.  Unfortunately, the writers expected us to know as well.
Yes I'll review Batman & Robin to the Playstation and why couldn't have been like Batman Forever arcade. It's wrose than Batman Forever on SNES and Genesis. I don't know which is wrose this game or the Joel Schumacer film. Becuse I don't know what to do after I get the diamond. I know what I'm getting with the film a very bad one. Just leave them both alone.
This game is complete crap.The graphics look decent,but the gameplay is for sh**.I can't even begin to tell you how bad "Batman & Robin" is.First off,the controls are terrible.You have a hell of a time trying to figure out how to fight,drive the batmobile,swim,use the gadgets...it's even a pain to try and walk.The map of Gotham is very small and all of the buildings of the area look the same.The game is also almost impossible.You get one life.After you die,it's game over,and right back to the beginning.You can also die quickly as well.You can play as either Batman,Robin or Batgirl,but their combat moves look absolutley retarded.Overall,this is THE WORST Batman game I have EVER PLAYED! "Batman Forever" on Genesis was better then this dud,and we all know how bad that game was.I HIGHLY recommend that you DO NOT buy this.The ONLY reason why you MIGHT wanna purchase this,is because it's a pretty rare game,and it could be a part of your game collection,but as far as the game itself goes....IT SUCKS!
The graphics and gameplay are very out dated. The movies at the end are stupid and only the first eight players have them. The only reason I even got this game is because I loved Tekken 2,3,Tag, and 4. The only reason I don't sell this is I want to have all the tekkens, but if you want to buy it, don't pay more than $2 for it.
You know you're in trouble when other terrible video games are compared to you. Though only a little worse than Charlie's Angels (GameCube) and not as bad as Hidden Invasion (PlayStation2), Fighting Force is the difinitive bad adventure-fighting game that fits on the same crap list as Burning Fight. Even Brawl Bros and Peace Keepers are better than this, and that's saying a lot.You get your pick from four forgettable crime fighters: pixie-pig-tailed Alana, gruff Hawk, leather-pants-wearing "Look at me, I'm Nabiki Tendo" Mace, and prison inmate Smasher. They're out to get a psychopath who believes the world should have ended at the beginning of 2000 A.D. and is now determined to make that happen. Maybe he should have waited through the other 23 times it turned New Years day across the world.Many Sega Saturn owners didn't realize then how lucky they were that this game was cancelled on their system. Nintendo 64 owners were not so lucky, and I wasn't so lucky after getting the PlayStation version.The controls are sloppy, the hit detection is horrible, especially the dash attacks, and the character animation is almost jerky enough to look like an old claymation cartoon.If there is one redeeming factor, it is the music. Though not great, the musical scores in this game are a nice touch. The only reason you should buy this disc is to pop it into a CD-playing radio or computer and skip track one since that's just a data track ... meaning all you will hear, if anything, is an annoying buzz. Start on Track 2, sit back, and enjoy the only good thing about this game.
I was only 5 years old my first time playing this game back in Christmas of 1997. I was never able to get past the first couple levels then. But I always loved this game. It was magic back then. The graphics were also great THEN. Second time around, I was 12 and it was 2004. I was able to finally finish the entire game and find all the secrets to. Now in 2012, I had the urge to replay this game again. To get those feeling of being so young. I'm 19, and the magic is completely gone, and for ONE REASON.BE WARNED...... if you have a full HD TV and have a PS3, and bought a physical copy of this game......the playback visuals of this game will be absolutely HORRIBLE! It completely hinders your ability to even play through the game because EVERYTHING is so pixelated if you will. Like I NEVER remembered this game looking so bad before, but I have to assume it had always looked this way but I was in a different era of technology then. HD TVs are completely unforgiving to these types of games. I'm not sure if the the digital copy available on the PSN is any better, but the actual physical copy is not meant for a HD display even in it respective aspect ratio. Maybe just playing this game on standard definition TV might help, but I haven't tried that either. I will just have to remember the game like when I was young as the best PS1 game I ever played and then later the only one I ever beat. To the future gamers!
I'm going to fly in the face of convention wisdom and assert that Tomb Raider is not a good game. I like the concept, the puzzle solving and exploration. I like that it's a great diversion from the standard shoot-em up. The problem is with the tedious game play. The game is tough, just from the mental standpoint and it takes some effort to figure out what you're supposed to be doing in each level. But that's part of the fun, figuring things out. Unfortunately, it's moving through the levels and getting from point A to point B that is problematic. There are way too many places where you have to make a pinpoint precision jump or other move with absolutely NO margin for error. In some cases this means you fall somewhere and have to climb back to your starting point, or in some cases you die, meaning you have to start the whole level over again. And after trying one of these jumps over and over and over, you finally get frustrated and give up. There were instances where I tried a jump over and over, and then suddenly made the jump and had no idea what I had done differently from the previous numerous attempts. For any game to be that touchy is just a disgrace. It's too bad, I think I could have liked this game but the tedious pinpoint controller movements ulitmately ruined the game for me. I know it's one of PSX &quot;greatest hits&quot; and very popular, but if don't like tedious games, you'll want to avoid this one.
I *hate* this game.  Let me state right away: graphics in a WWE wrestling game mean absolutely NOTHING to me.  The graphics in WWF War Zone are pretty good (and original, back in the day) but who cares?  It seems the only thing wrestling video game fans today are interested in is looking at their television set in amazement because the wrestlers look realistic, and their movements true to life.  Who cares?  When War Zone first hit the scene in the late 90's yeah, the graphics WERE cool.  Not now, especially when the only thing the WWE cares about these days is impressing gamers with realism.You know, WWF War Zone was the very first game that brought the graphics to a whole new 3D level.  A whole new level of crap.  You see, it makes me sick that the WWE wrestling games for 10 years now are all basically the same.  Let me explain why this is a bad thing.You know when you buy an updated sports video game (such as football or hockey) and the only thing different about it from the previous year are a couple new player names, and maybe some new options here and there?  That's exactly what the WWE has done with their video games.  For the last 10 years all the WWE games have been WAY too similar to each other, and it completely sucks out the fun when every new wrestling game that hits the market only offers a slight difference over the previous years game.It doesn't matter if it's Smackdown, Smackdown 2, WWE Raw for the Xbox, WWE Wrestlemania for the Gamecube, etc.  Those games are all the same- a lousy attempt to impress gaming and wrestling fans with realism.  I'm all for realism, but it DOES NOT MATTER in a wrestling game.  A wrestling game is like any other video game in that it SHOULD be all about having fun with it.  And I can't have fun with a wrestling game released today that, more or less, is exactly the same as a wrestling game from 10 years ago.  It makes me sick to think 10 years later, hardly anything has changed in the world of wrestling video games.Before WWF War Zone, you had WWF In Your House which, to this day, is a game that completely stands apart from other WWE wrestling games (along with WWF Wrestlemania: The Arcade Game).  Before those games you had the button-smashing delight of WWF Raw on the Super NES and Sega Genesis.  Once again, the formula in those old-school wrestling games didn't stick around and overstay its welcome.  Over 10 years with games just like WWF War Zone IS too much.The very second WWF War Zone came out on the Playstation and N64, it all went wrong.  Game companies got the idea that people wanted realism in their wrestling games, so from that point on ALL the WWE games had to be about having realistic-looking gameplay and wrestler appearances, and the fun factor washed away like sandcastles on the beach.  It's hard to have fun with a game when the year before you were playing the same thing.  After a while you get sick of it.WWF War Zone is an innovative game for taking wrestling to new heights, but it was the WORST thing that could have happened.  Graphically, WWF War Zone is the first of its kind.  Being the first means it's bound to have some flaws (despite the fact that existing is its biggest flaw!)  Another MAJOR problem with the game is how SLOW it is.  After the adrenaline-rushing WWF In Your House, we now experience wrestlers walking around in the ring VERY slowly.  Painfully slow, in fact.  Going from WWF In Your House to WWF War Zone is like going from a cheetah race to a snail race.  Your grandparents can wrestle each other faster than the wrestlers in this game.  To be fair, the ONLY thing WWF wrestling games today have improved is the speed.  Everything else is the same as it was 10 years ago.WWF War Zone also started the popular "create a wrestler" mode.  But it doesn't matter because, as I mention above, wrestling games for 10 years have had that option.  It's an option that has lost its charm because of overkill, and it's time game companies got rid of it, or did something to drastically change it.  It was a fun and interesting idea at first but now, 10 years later, I don't want to have it in a wrestling game ever again.I tried getting rid of WWF War Zone at a yard sale but no one wanted it, so I had to get rid of it by throwing it away.  No way was I keeping such a crappy game in the same shelf with MUCH more deserving Playstation games.If only WWE was more innovative with their wrestling games today, instead of repeating the same formula every year, I wouldn't have to keep going back and pointing out WWF War Zone as the game where the downfall began.  After 10 years, updating the graphics and adding just a few new options and wrestlers doesn't get the job done.
When I first got this game, I found it to be boring not too soon after getting it. When I play it today, I still think it's boring! WWF War Zone is the first real WWF wrestling game to be released on the Playstation. I don't really consider the In Your House game to be wrestling wise, but more Mortal Kombat like.War Zone is based off the WWF roster from late 1997 to early 1998, featuring only the most popular stars in the game . Among the wrestlers in this game, you can choose to play as Stone Cold Steve Austin, Shawn Michaels, Bret Hart, The Undertaker, The Rock, Triple H, Mankind, Goldust, Owen Hart, Ahmed Johnson, Farrooq, British Bulldog, Ken Shamrock, and The Headbangers.The opening of the game is cool, as you're given a Raw like intro that used to open Monday Night Raw back in the mid to late 90s. From there on, you're taken to the menu screen that's in the form of an elevator. In the menu you can look at the wrestlers' biographies that let you listen to their theme and see their attires they wear in the game. There's also a Training mode on the menu that lets you pick a wrestler and learn how to perform their moves before you go into the game.Once you enter the game, you can either play Exhibition matches to get adjusted to everything or go straight to Challenge Mode. Among the match types available are Singles, Tag Team, Tornado Tag Team, Hardcore, or Steel Cage. The Steel Cage match is probably the most frustrating match to play. When you climb the cage, I didn't know what button to push to climb down. I pushed down but I just ended up climbing back down to the ring. I lost most of the Cage matches.Challenge Mode involves you choosing a superstar to play as and guide them to the World Championship. Unfortunately this was a boring and irritating mode to play. Once you play one match, you've played them all. You have to fight the same opponents at least 4 or 5 times before you advance to newer ones. As you progress through, you'll be met by a woman in a limo in the parking lot who will either show interest you for winning a match or insult you for losing a match. Oh yeah, that's another thing. If you lose 1 or 2 matches, you're automatically sent back to the beginning and have to start over from match 1 to go up. It ultimately screws you over and you're forced to play a lot of the same boring matches again.Overall: I found War Zone boring then and I find it boring now. In my opinion In Your House is more fun to play than this. Even the sequel game to War Zone, Attitude, is more fun to play than War Zone. So if you don't want to be bored, skip War Zone and buy In Your House or Attitude instead
This wwf game sucks...Boring...Graphics are alright...It was just plain awful EVEN FOR IT'S TIME!UGH this game was slo[...] get this game..GET NO MERCY!  BEST WWF GAME EVER!...This game was very dull and boring...If I could give it a zero I would...THIS GAME FLAT OUT SUCKS!good thing I Baught this for a 2 bucks....But still that was a waste...Later
Getting this game would be a waste of time and money.  For halfthe price of this I'd rather get a game that offers better graphics,better realism, and better everything.  If you haven't already guessed it's Red Alert.  Even though it looks pretty good, after about a week you won't want to play it anymore.  With Red Alert I continually go back to try just one more strategy... I think they just sat down and set a deadline for this game and the guys making it waited until the last week to do it.  Right now all you need to do is type in the search box up there &quot;Red Alert&quot; and buy that game... You will have a way better game and not spend as much.
Unless you intend to cheat and mod the game don't waste your money.Uneven gameplay,and few options plague this game,it is also way too short even at this reduced price.Spend your money on a game,just not this one.Hope this helps,I hate to have games collecting dust,but this is one of those and I own about 50 recent games so I know what's what.
I thought Red Alert was a pretty fun game. This was just a clone of red alert though. The people that make C&amp;C need to come up with some more ideas. All the C&amp;C games are exactly the same. I didn't like Red Alert to start with so Tiberian Sun has to be worse.
All right, the graphics are nice and the terrain damage is something new, but that doesn't make up for the gameplay, which could be summed up in one word:SLOW.Skirmishes take a real long time to get going; I mean, at least a half an hour before you can get a sizeable force. And then what do you find yourself doing? Protecting your base with them, and attacking with missle launches. I'm dead serious, the only way to attack is with missle launches. To attack with your men (Especially tanks) takes like ten minutes to even get to the enemy base!That being said, the multiplayer is a total waste of time. If the person your playing saves you the trouble of teching and attacks you early on with engineers, consider yourself lucky. Don't get caught up in a 3 hour game that is just about to be resolved, when you or your opponent loses his/her connection. And don't consider engineering a cheap way to attack, it's the only way anyone attacks...THe campaign is allright I guess, if you can stand the poor gameplay to get from cutscene to cutscene (Which aren't as good as Red Alerts were)..... Come on, you can't tell me NOD doesn't have a huge advantage over GDI. They do.Let's hope Kane bites the dust soon, before the C&amp;C series turns as twisted as &quot;The Forgotten&quot;.
the game's okay, although i don't think making the charactersin 3d was a very good idea, plus at some points game gets outrightboring,and all the main characters smoke...  although the game will crash sometimes, and it might get stuck, overall, the game is pretty much okay if you don't count crashes and how the characters act and look...  END
I found Half-Life to be somewhat interesting, although it started to run thin by the ending levels. Not many of the levels were amazing, either. Just long hallways, small rooms, and an occasional elevator shaft that you  climb up. I like 3D games that let you be outside, looking over vast plains  of enemies and obstacles. Half-Life just didn't cut it in this  arena.Another thing that I found most disturbing was the extreme  gore/violence that is present throughout the game. When your science  project goes wrong, you walk out to find a scientist lying on the ground  with about 10 gallons of blood spread all over the walls and floor! Were  the programmers just trying to be sick here or what? When you reach the  levels in which you begin to fight the army grunts (who are the best  enemies), it gets even more grotesque. If you let off an entire clip of  bullets at one guy, expect to see a wall covered with blood. Sure, you can  turn it off, but it does very little good. The blood is still very  disturbing. This is one aspect of the game that is extremely unacceptable.  I am not a parent saying this, either, I'm a teenager.Aside from the  violence and lack of interesting levels, the game is pretty much void of  any lasting qualities. If you want a weekend of pure hell (both keeping you  stuck to your computer and grossing you out entirely) then buy this game.  Otherwise, don't bother.
this is the stuppidiest game i've ever played. I advise everyone not to play it or buy it. It really sucked.
this game is the hardest game ive ever played, and that takes away the fun. also graphics very poor even for nintendo 64 cannot even recommend for people i dislike dont waste your time or money worst n64 game ever
Banjo-Kazooie is a strange platformer, but ultimately misses the mark in all key areas of being entertaining.  It tries to be funny without actually being exciting to play.  All the attention on humor and yet, the game itself is hardly ever fun.  This means children would probaly be able to overlook the games flaws and focus on the humor, which I'm sure was Nintendo's intentions- to market the game for kids and assume they wouldn't be able to detect the lousy game design.  I guess the Nintendo 64 struggling to make a profit at the time meant Nintendo had to do absolutely anything to try and get *any* type of crowd interested in their products despite the poor quality we're forced to persevere, so that explains Banjo Kazooie's existence.Anyway, Banjo-Kazooie is basically nothing but an item-collecting quest with graphics that are admittedly prettier and just better than 90% of the stuff the N64 was pumping out at the time.  The waters, grassy lands, mountains... everything is a beautiful sight to behold with crystal clear authentically pleasing environments.  But seriously, why am I basically doing nothing but walking around collecting items the entire time?  If you think "That's what ALL platformers do!" guess again: many of them focus on exciting enemy variety, diverse surroundings and a gradual increase in challenge which this game sorely lacks.  The only challenge is to avoid falling from high narrow platforms while collecting musical notes- these are dirty tricks and artificial challenges.  I found sharks you have to swim away from, crabs you can stomp on top of, and weird gigantic green enemies that come out of walls while you're trying to make your way across high paths without falling.  These enemies only appear like 10% of the time- the rest of your surroundings aren't very threatening.Let's see all the things you have to collect.  Honeycomb pieces, jiggy pieces (mandatory to open entrances to new locations and you need to obtain a certain number of them per world), 100 musical notes which is a total ripoff of Super Mario 64 with the 100 coins needed to get a star, mumbo tokens used to cast spells, and jinjo tokens used to win vehicle parts.  You can turn into animals and insects which is somewhat satisfying for the sake of seeing the occasional brief moments of diversity, but otherwise nothing to get really excited about.  Often you have to climb trees to reach the items on top and it gets boring after a while, believe me.Oh and the game is a victim of underwater tragedies- you're constantly adjusting the camera for a more appropriate angle but finding that it's much harder than it needs to be.  I will never understand why Nintendo refuses to fix water portions in 3D platform gaming.  It's mind-boggling.  They didn't even fix them in Super Mario Galaxy 2, a game released a good 10 years after Banjo-Kazooie.  The characters are all forgettable, including the ponytail-sporting female bear and Banjo himself.  Kazooie the bird is probably the only tolerable one of the bunch.Whereas the Mario series can be enjoyed by kids and adults respectively, Banjo-Kazooie is certainly intended solely for children and no other age group.  It's too shallow of a game overall to satisfy adult gamers.  Banjo-Kazooie is like walking into the nicest looking restaurant in town and everything is great except for one thing- you get a small quantity of food so you ask yourself "Is it worth my time to return here again?"
Not one of the best games. I would have rather played Mario just once. I only play it for about two minutes. I fall asleep afterward.
When I looked for the game I was looking for this for a tear Play Station 3. The view on this game I liked. When I received it was not discovered for version 3, but 2.I am very upset
I have played this game before and it is very fun! That is why I came to Amazon to order myself another copy of the game so that I could go back in time and enjoy a classic game. However, I bought it from the seller &#34;Warehouse Deals, Inc&#34; and I did NOT get my game and there is no place for me to get in contact with them. Watch Out!
This game is ok, but mostly mediocre. This is the best that the N64 had to offer alongside the wrestling games and resident evil 2? Just goes to show that the nintendrone cult are way off the mark. The Sony playstation 1 had better games and far better immersion due to having the CD storage.  This game like i said is ok but hardly as good as the nintendrones have made it out to be. The production of the game is basically weak, with the menu intro being pathetic, and the music repeating over and over and over on each board. The gameplay is ok in that i can mow down enemies while running, but the aiming sucks and it gets boring having to mow down enemies that keep spawning over and over while i figure out how to complete the mission.Finally the multiplayer is wayyyyyy overrated. I remember playing it with 4 other players all day for  a couple days and never feeling into it. the quad split screen was a big nuisance.  Thank goodness for online play today - the games today completely own goldeneye in every category, especially the funfactor.So yeah - there you go nintendrones - the playstation brand rightfully won that gen and your crowning achievement in console gaming has turned out to be a dated and weak title. Oh yeah Rare is now exposed as being mediocre - your cult like devotion to nintendo made them rich at least. They haven't made anything decent since though
I just wanna review out something no ones said yet.If you still ever play this game, it is a great game, it's 5 stars, provided your into this sort of thing.But recently when i played the playstation version, i noticed they jibbed out and didnt include certain things that the PC version and better version had.First off - There is no train. The PC version has a fully working train that you can hijack and even put into reverse.. sure, it may be useless to crash into another train, but it was entertaining. The PS version doesnt have a train.. but yet, it has the tracks for it, so go figure that one out.Next, lack of vehicles. The PC version doesnt have spots where cars just disapeer and it feels like your walking around a ghost town.And something no one can say wouldnt be better... you can edit the PC version, not only can you put whatever car you want into the game by downloading a simple quick device them importing a car you can download or make yourself, but you can also change everything in the game with simmilar tools. You can not just add cars, you can add missions, put more cars into things, edit the exsisting map, or hell, make your own city from scratch.When I play this game, i like to ride around in Knight Rider, or maybe the General Lee, try and eulude cops driving lambourghinis... gouranga!Convinced the PC versions better? Makes you feel like the PSX you played was lacking, huh?
mario kart is not fun there is no secret characthers or secret places[i think]. I tried the game for an hour and was completly bored now i don't like racing games. The producers should have tried a little harder on this game i was completly unsatified.
I have the wii version and is HORRIBLE. JUST LIKE YOU HIT AN OPPONENT WITH A SHELL, PASS, AND WITH NO ITEM, THE CPU BOOSTS WAY AHAED. HORRIBLE
Rogue squadon is somewhat fun to play but the majority of the missions are hard to beat. the 3D enviroment is cool looking and on some levels there are places you can see that are straight out of the movie such as Jabba the hutt's palace on Tattoine.The main problem i have with this game is on the Hoth and Deathstar mission.(use password DEADDACK to get to them)on the Hoth mission you wrap a cord around Imperial walkers to trip them which is tricky to do. As for the Deathstar mission, the scenery is wrong. In the movie Luke fires at the exhaust port at the end of the trench, in the game the target is on the ground. But that's not what bothers me most though, After you hit your target it just says "Mission Complete" They should've had a cinematic sequence where the Deathstar blows up. That doesn't happen in the game which leaves you feeling angry and unsatisfied.
Every once in a while I experience a piece of entertainment that is *so* overrated it's hard to believe I'm even living on the same planet as those that actually believe this is supposed to be the best. The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is that very piece of overrated entertainment. Talk about a video game that not only doesn't live up to the hype (not even close) but it doesn't do a darn thing to impress me even *if* I were to ignore all the exaggerated hype. This is a serious letdown of a video game. But again, please understand I'm not from the same planet as those that enjoy this game. I care about gameplay and replay value more than anything else. Apparently most Zelda fans believe puzzle-based dungeons and soulless overworlds are what defines the Zelda series.One thing that positively stinks is that the land of Hyrule, despite being presented as beautiful (and realistic- don't tell me Nintendo wasn't riding the 3D high in 1998 and going for realism here) it's basically a gigantic piece of nothingness. Simply a means of getting from one area to another. A large, colorless empty field that Link either runs or rides his horse across. Nothing magical, medieval or interesting about *any* of this. It feels too much like taking a typical walk across the field beside my house. Going into this game after a Link to the Past, you'll be scratching your head wondering what happened to the huge variety of overworld enemies, pretty and colorful environments and enticing obstacles. Remember all those trees, rocks, grass and water sections from Link to the Past? Remember how rich and vibrant they looked? Ha, nothing nearly as diverse is featured in this bland and inferior overworld. Oh sure the monsters come out at night (in predictable spots) but that's it. As far as I can see, only one monster actually comes out (named Stalchild). Terribly lacking. The trees are spaced apart in a way that feels lacking too.The dungeons is where this game severely misses the mark to such an extent that it's almost unfathomable to believe Nintendo thought releasing the game the way it is was enough to be sufficient. Again, where ARE all the enemies? Why am I roaming through temple rooms that are way too big for their own good? Are high ceilings and deep pits supposed to justify the lack of enemies because the tradeoff is that it feels like I'm really inside a castle now? Give me a break guys. The rooms are so big they basically have no life whatever. Instead of being loaded with enemies around every corner, these castles are alarmingly empty, lifeless and unacceptable. But... that's apparently okay, because Ocarina of Time is the first 3D Zelda game so its legendary influence and innovation makes it leaps and bounds above the sequels, right? Not in my world baby. The games following Ocarina of Time perfected the Zelda formula way more effectively. Wind Waker and Skyward Sword leaves this dated mess in the dust.While normally I don't care about graphics in a video game, you gotta admit that bright vibrant colors really make the epic heroic adventurous theme of the Zelda series more engrossing. This is just... gross. Only the realistic-looking (flawed) overworld is a sight to behold (which of course now looks significantly better in Twilight Princess). Clearly the effort involved in designing the dungeons isn't much to admire. I don't really mind the occasional choppiness concerning the edges of buildings, trees or other objects that are all part of the Nintendo 64's datedness. Sometimes these unintentional features can be quite charming or, at the very least, forgiving. What I DO mind however is when these features are all over the place to the point of being a distraction, or having a game entirely too long so we're forced to persevere these issues time and time again. In other words I'd be willing to forgive this particular shortcoming if the game made up for the choppy/uninspiring graphics in other areas. Sadly, it doesn't. This isn't even much of an issue compared to the other complaints I have (which I'll mention below- keep reading). These graphics -especially the ones in the dungeons- resemble the ones found in the ruins of Mega Men Legends and the walls of the Quake series. The graphics in Link to the Past are unique and cannot be compared to any other game.Let's discuss the dungeons, shall we? Despite being ridiculously and needlessly large with boring surroundings, most of them have such a small and uninteresting variety of enemies that it's almost a chore going through one generic room after another. Ocarina of Time shows the makings of early 3D development at its most obvious- the platforms are predictable square structures that requires the player to spend most of his or her time lining up Link in order to make proper jumps by turning the camera until Link is positioned enough to reach the platform directly ahead. When you combine the constant requirement of having to change camera angles with having to position Link correctly all for the purpose of being able to see what you're doing and where you're going, it's enough to make you think you're playing with string puppets. Again, early 3D design flaws and datedness.The storytelling is really basic and predictable. It's never elaborate like in Wind Waker or Skyward Sword. It's mainly about rescuing or saving these mountainous cave creatures called Goron's for the first half, and going back and forth from the past to the present in the second half. This is a really uninteresting way of time travelling that feels almost nonexistent due to being so poorly and unsatisfyingly implemented. It doesn't even feel or look like you're going 7 years into the future as Link's appearance is supposed to be that of an older person but he doesn't appear to be much different from his younger self. Oh sure he's slightly bigger as an adult and slightly smaller as a kid but it's very subtle. The music is the one area where the game succeeds quite amazingly however. All the theme songs are not only appropriate for the environments, but melodic and memorable. Several dungeon themes are well-made and believably chilling and haunting. The right ingredients were definitely put into the music-making aspect of the game. The Hyrule overworld theme is enjoyable too and won't get on your nerves despite all the time you will undoubtedly spend there.The dungeons are either incredibly simplistic with strategies that involve the overbearingly dull and overused crate-pushing to open up portals or switches, or hopelessly generic "I'm stuck in a maze and I can't get out" frustration that is an inconvenient trademark of early 3D game design. But... these aren't any ordinary mazes. These are mazes where your surroundings look identical around every turn, hence the flawed early 3D game design. A cheap way of making a maze seem more difficult than it has to be, or in other words, needlessly difficult chores instead of exciting castle exploration which is what made the 2D Zelda's so memorable. Sometimes you have to light torches with arrows or by other means, and quite often you have to collect 5 silver rupees to activate a switch/open a door. Collecting these silver rupees is WAY too similar to Super Mario 64 with the red coins. The Lost Woods is a tunnel-infested maze with no personality whatsoever. The Lost Woods -if you plan on getting everything the game has to offer- will most definitely be the source of endless frustration.The enemies, or rather, what little enemies you will stumble upon on your "adventure" through the temples, is probably the most aggravating part of the entire game. These dungeons are sorely in need of something to spice them up and make them pleasurable. You will often go 3 or 4 rooms at a time without seeing a single enemy. Why even have a sword? In the 2D games the idea was simple- just load or overload the rooms with a variety of enemies and, guess what? *Now* the dungeons are exciting. A genius idea really. Here? In Ocarina of Time? It's all about atmosphere. It's all about featuring as little opposing danger as possible so you can absorb what was once Nintendo's most recent creation back in 1998. But... Nintendo forgot to take into account that technology will inevitably advance and a game relying on atmosphere above everything else will eventually suffer and become inferior one day. What was once a brand new puppy in 1998 is now a tired old dog thanks to the surroundings being boring and incredibly basic in their design. Video game technology is destined to advance making a game like this completely forgettable. That's exactly what has happened with Ocarina of Time- it hasn't stood the test of time.Do you really think those poorly animated mechanical blue tektite spiders in the water dungon are worthy of a Zelda game? Seriously? Their animations are so stiff due to the Nintendo 64's limitations as a console that it's unbearable to deal with them and laughable at the way they lunge towards Link. But even then, *most* dungeon enemies fall way short of acceptable. Big Skulltula is a laughably bland attempt at being dangerous- it's more like a nuisance when one of these comes down out of nowhere while you're running around. The spikes that roll around are incredibly basic and uninteresting. Somehow *all* the enemies manage to never once be memorable. Ever! Ocarina of Time has dated horrendously, seriously. Wolfos are unintetionally funny with their choppy movements and the dated howling sounds they make, Red Bubble is basically the same thing as Big Skulltula but on fire, and Gibdos are boring. The ReDead's let out a hilarious scream that freezes Link in place which is inconvenient when you're trying to get up the ladder right in front of you and even more inconvenient when you're stuck in a room with two of them. Mummies are poorly designed since all you have to do is hookshot them, run behind them, and slice them with your sword. To be fair, some enemies are cool such as Deku Baba where it's best to snap its vine with the sword for an instant kill- creatively well done there. The Deku Scrub where you can block or sword swipe its shooting seeds with the shield and ricochet the seeds back at them is neat. And the Lizalfos and Dinalfos basically serve as mini bosses due to being somewhat harder and more sophisticated than the other ordinary enemies.The game overall has a shortage of rupees. They're really not that important which is odd. This is the first Zelda game I've ever played where rupees feel more like an afterthought. Not something to take real seriously. If you don't feel like collecting them, then don't- no harm done. The bosses are alright except for the irritating one in the water dungeon. You have to repeatedly hookshot him while standing next to the platform. It takes FOREVER (and no, this boss is *nowhere* as fun as the water dungeon in Link to the Past in case you're wondering). The hookshot is used MORE than the sword throughout the game because it serves as an effective weapon quite often. The hookshot is a highly recommended weapon to use in a variety of situations, but especially important when collecting these things called gold skulltulas. After you collect 10 gold skulltula tokens, you get a beneficial reward. You can only collect them after defeating the gold skulltula enemy (usually found on walls). I admit I love the witches you face in the Spirit Temple. While the temple itself is really short and boring, it's probably worth going through it so you can face the two witches that make for a rather entertaining boss fight. You have to use your shield to reflect shots at the *other* witch, and it's really fun and creative. The hookshot's basically a required item to properly deal with hard-shelled or spiked enemies in the dungeons and it's annoying that it's used WAY more frequently than the sword throughout the game. Due to how much precision is required to use the hookshot, using this item becomes a very tedious chore after a while (especially if you keep missing your target) and it slows down the pace of the game by a lot.If you haven't noticed yet, the water dungeon in Ocarina of Time is just abominable. I bring it up often to remind people how terrible a dungeon can be in every possible way. Also, the worst influence ever occurs here- the importance of playing the ocarina musical instrument for a variety of reasons (mostly for warping from one place to another). Nintendo really overdid this aspect of the game by implementing the ocarina WAY too many darn times. It's overdone. Just hurry up and play the darn song and move on for goodness sake. Don't make it so you have to play the ocarina up to 50 times, if not more. I never really counted how many times I used it. It was a lot. It severely drags the gameplay, atmosphere and excitement down and immediately drags the game to a screeching halt having to frequently stop and play these songs on the ocarina. Watching Link stand around and play the instrument is the fruitiest thing I've ever seen. No wonder people think Nintendo makes nothing but kids games these days. This game is partly responsible for that belief due to its influence.Ganon's castle is supposed to be exhilarating and suspenseful. It's supposed to be filled with dangerous traps, tricky puzzles and enemies all over the place. But... the one in Ocarina of Time falls way short of being presentable by normal Legend of Zelda standards. Instead the castle is dominated with mini quests where you have to go through 6 trials to dispel the main barrier. The problem is that each trial contains really simple and short rooms where you only spend a couple minutes in each one performing the same tasks that you already had to do in the previous dungeons such as collecting 5 silver rupees. This is the complete opposite of being overwhelmingly threatening. Another bonus point for Link to the Past. Oh and the Ganon fight? His strategy is stolen from Agahnim's battle from Link to the Past but takes SEVERAL more minutes to bring down. Remember how you fought Agahnim? Yup, same exact strategy but in a 3D world. Sigh. The second part of the Ganon fight (after a looooong and tedious time-based departure from the top of a castle) is to shoot arrows at Ganon and hit his glowing behind several times. It's really easy, all of it. However fighting him in one of the early dungeons (Forest Temple) is actually one of the most memorable in the entire Zelda series. This is because Ganon rides a horse in and out of these picture frames hanging on the wall making for a VERY unique graphics effect and perhaps an original concept. Reminds me of a Harry Potter movie.A few other complaints. Fishing is sort of fun but nothing really noteworthy. It's better than most fishing games I've played in other games I admit. Expect to be sitting and fishing a while in order to get the heart piece however. Most heart pieces are pretty challenging to acquire and take some serious effort to get most of them. That's a rare compliment I can give. Some of the other mini games such as riding a horse and shooting targets is pretty fun. I don't really like that part in the desert where you have to follow a ghost through a dust storm. If you fall behind even a *little* bit you'll lose. Performing this same ghost-chasing task earlier in the game in order to obtain the hookshot is more exciting since you're dodging fireballs. The other task earlier on in the game in the Ice Cavern that involves throwing blue fire over red fire is really overlong and entirely puzzle-based. Having to do this once or twice would have been suitable- not 15-20 times. This particular place is a victim of platforms that are basic and uninteresting.Basically, when compared to the 2D games, Ocarina of Time only feels like half a game due to the dramatic change of turning the Zelda series into 3D but only giving us a small portion of what's available in Link to the Past. As a result the game feels incomplete on too many occasions. It's because the Nintendo 64 is a limited console that's really only able to handle so much. Ocarina of Time comes up way short. Even the first couple hours are disappointing since it takes forever to actually get going. Avoiding being detected by guards isn't fun after the first time. Oh and speaking of avoiding detection- this game actually has a Metal Gear Solid stealth-style mission later on where you have to free these imprisoned carpenter people. The stealth is so underutilized and simplistic that this is the second biggest chore in the game next to the water dungeon. Equally annoying is upon freeing the 4 carpenters, these red sword-swinging enemies appear on screen. The SAME EXACT ENEMY 4 times in a row with *no* differences between any of them. At first these battles seem hard until you realize all you really have to do is lunge your sword directly at them about 5 times, and they fall over and die.Reading text and having boring discussions with Zelda, trees and other semi-interesting characters doesn't get the job done either. Ganon even seems significantly less threatening than usual (that one conversation with Zelda and Link with Ganon patrolling the hallways nearby in Hyrule Castle comes to mind here). I will admit that some of the flame-covered cutscenes involving Ganon riding his horse is very intimidating. The cutscene outside the bridge of Hyrule Castle comes to mind here. Otherwise, Ganon's presented uninterestingly. You're *supposed* to get a feeling of hopelessness that Ganon is going to take over the world and wipe the people out but... due to a culmination of the above mentioned problems, Ganon being a ruthless villain doesn't ever materialize (at least, he's not as scary as he *should* be).Recognize Ocarina of Time for making the 3D Zelda series exist. That's fair. It allowed Wind Waker to eventually be created which in turn made the 3D Zelda formula better starting from that game until now. By 2003 Nintendo was working with the technologically superior Gamecube console which allowed the Zelda series to be fully realized in all major categories (gameplay, graphics, replay value and excitement). I say avoid Ocarina of Time but hey, nobody will listen or agree with me anyway so carry on and have a wonderful day!
Seriously, this ranks up with some of the worst games I have ever played. It is a complete insult to anyone who respects the RPG genre as this is nothing more than a linear, cutesy, puzzle game. You run around playing a little harmonica by pressing certain buttons in certain orders and the rest of the time you are moving boxes around, jumping from platform to platform, and killing enemies (with an awful targeting system) that respawn as soon as you leave the room.I can guarantee that about 95% of all the 4 and 5 star votes are coming from children under the age of 15 as this is the type of game that would appeal to them. But if you are an older, more experienced gamer do yourself a favor and steer clear from this hideous example of a good title gone bad.If you'll excuse me I am going to balance out my wobbly kitcken table with the cartridge.
Seriously, it's one of the worst games ever! Terrible graphics, especially compared to the PS Triple's, no voice acting, boring puzzles, and above all, it stars a little fruity fairy boy who wears green panties and never hits on any of the babes in this game. Plus why is the main villian black? That's racist!For a good Zelda game, I recommend Link: The Faces of Evil, The Wand of Gamelon, or Zelda's Adventure.
There's many that love this so-called masterpiece, but the only thing I like about this boring/repetitive game is the great soundtrack. Sticking to the superior original.
Miyamoto slacked off on this one.1.This is certainly not the best game ever. Not even the best game on Nintendo 64. Super Mario 64, and Perfect Dark both stomp this game into submission.2.This is not a role-playing game. Role-playing games have a lot of text and character involvement. This game has a script that is about two pages long, maybe less. What you say or do in this game really has no effect on the games out come.3.This is not the best Zelda game. The Legend Of Zelda, Links Awakening, and A Link To The Past are all much better games, especially for their time.4.This game is not 256 Mega Bytes. It is actually 256 Mega Bits, which is equal to 32 Mega Bytes. So sorry the game isn't nearly the size of a 650/700 Mega Byte CD-ROM.5.The game has no replay value, I played through it once, then about a year later, I attempted playing through it again, I couldn't bare it, the game is just too boring. I played through Final Fantasy VII and VIII twice each, and those took alot longer than this to finish, they were both great both times through.I loved the good old Zelda games but this just doesn't deserve the Zelda name, lets just hope that Zelda on the Game Cube doesn't turn out the same way.
Lara Croft games have NEVER been any good.  I remember when the very first one came out 10 years ago.  Teens were practically DROOLING on their controller every time they saw Lara's pretty face.  Tomb Raider must have been advertised like it was the most groundbreaking video game to ever hit the freakin' market.  The thing is, the games are boring and Lara Croft isn't very pretty.If polygon-breasted girls are your thing, go for it.  But they aren't MY thing, and I know I'm not the only one to think so.  Lara Croft isn't good-looking to the millions of internet gamers who understand that a blocky-looking computer babe isn't going to automatically make a game any fun to play.  I'll give Lara Croft SOME credit.  She was one of the originators of the "running around half-naked female shooter/adventure" type of video games.  In fact, you might even say she was a MAJOR influence because soon after her very first adventure, more and more game companies were making the main characters in their games half-naked chicks.  Lara brought something new to the world of video games and I will give her credit for that.Sometimes influence doesn't matter when a game is really bad.  This is one of those cases.  The Tomb Raider series on the original Playstation is a joke.  I absolutely *groan* when I think about playing a Tomb Raider game because I remember how ugly and dark the environments are, the glitchy problems that dominate all three Tomb Raider games, the annoying and difficult jumping style of Lara Croft (which makes it nearly impossible to progress to the end of the game.  Good luck- she NEVER jumps where you want her to) and of course, mentioned above, Lara's supposed beautiful face (she's NOT pretty, remember?)It also doesn't help that the puzzles you have to solve are ALWAYS really awful (and appear frequently) and, because of the jumping problem, very frustrating to complete.  Trying to aim your gun at an emeny isn't exactly a walk in the park, either.  The whole series has been an overrated disaster up to this point.By the time Tomb Raider 3 was released people were REALLY getting fed up with the series.  Now, these same people will tell you this was because they kept releasing more and more Tomb Raider games, but I actually think people got sick of Tomb Raider because games like Resident Evil and Silent Hill came along with a similar style and improved on it *drastically*, making Tomb Raider look awfully dated by comparison.At least the third Tomb Raider game has SOME decent-looking background levels.  I guess the company who created Lara Croft finally understood that Lara's pretty face ALONE isn't going to get the job done anymore.  I mean, at least in some places the backgrounds LOOK good .  Not exactly the prettiest environments available on the Playstation of course, and most of the time all you see is darkness or candlelight.  But what's THERE is okay to look at, at least.Tomb Raider 3 features a challenge that is mostly only challenging because of the above-mentioned jumping problem.  She simply doesn't jump the way you want her to.  You'd THINK the game company would've dealt with this problem with all the new moves for Lara they added to the game, but no, none of these new moves make the game any easier.  The artifact-finding storyline had potential but unfortunately the frustrating challenge ruined it.BOY am I glad I never bought any of these games (all these years I've been watching OTHER people play them).  Reading reviews for the more recent Tomb Raider games on the Playstation 2, I see NO improvements have been made.  Let the series END already.
If you like the story then get this. For me, multiplayer is where it counts and I have more fun with Rage Wars. FRAG TAG IS AWESOME!!
Twisted Metal 3 is overrated - because it's not normally considered the worst Playstation game.  I can't believe how unfun this game is.  The  control is laughable.  The gameplay is incredibly boring.  The music is Rob  Zombie, which is bad enough before you hear it 5,000 times in a row.  The  game also adds almost nothing new.  Don't even rent this one.
The main reason that people hate this game is because it came right after Twisted Metal 2 and people were expecting A LOT of improvement, but the expectations were in vain. :(The game isn't all THAT bad, I mean... Mr. Grimm still cool, there is a new Viper car, you can use "rain missiles" as weapons, some of the characters and stories are VERY funny, the graphics were improved, the Rob Zombie intro song was AWESOME, and the London, Spaceship and Blimp stages were GREAT.NOW! The reason that this game suck's is because EVERYTHING in the game looks like fake plastic, the special effects are NOT shocking at all, you can't make ANY massive explosion or massive destruction, many characters look lame, if your car turns upside down you have to wait for 5 seconds for your car to stand up, and many stages are VERY small.P.S: This Twisted Metal sequel is terrible, but at least is NOT GARBAGE as Twisted Metal 4!!! That game wasn't even a Twisted Metal game, that was more like "The Circus War". X(Adios.
Having played the Twisted Metal series for a few years now, I can honestly say that Twisted Metal III, while having an initial gleam at first play, it wears itself out fairly quickly. The gleam I'm speaking of is the slick graphics and the incredibly different game play. It tries to be something new, which it is, but it improves in all the wrong ways.Allow me to explain :Weapons Inventory. Instead of a max capacity of the total number of weapons in your inventory, you are limited to how many of each weapon you can have. For example, I can pick up 10 homing missiles but no more. The rest of my inventory has to be stocked with other useless weapons like Speed Missiles (more on that in a bit). In previous TM installments, you could keep building your homing missile capacity, and carry only those, as long as you didn't exceed the max capacity. Annoying.New Weapons. Okay, so initially I thought the (((Rain Missile))) was the best thing since sliced bread. But really, the rain missile doesn't do very much apart from visual appeal. The missile shoots into the air and you detonate it, and a ring of fire falls down like five mini-napalms. It doesn't do the damage the napalm does, but only allows the cars to drive through so they start on fire...at least until they turbo (stop-drop-and-roll in TM maneuvers) out of it 2 seconds later. Minimal damage done.The introduction of the (((Speed missile))) was the worst mistake of the weapon category. It's a fast missile that has the strength of three machine gun bullets. If you can fire them fast, you can do some damage, but they're so useless during combat that it really doesn't even matter.(((Remotes))) are plenty but do much less damage than in TM2. (((Freeze missiles))) (the left-right-up maneuver) do not hit enemies like they used to. It is much harder to freeze an enemy. This can be frustrating.Enemies. New characters are added, some are great, some not so great. Your enemies now have the A.I. that allows them to steal items from in front of you. If they need health, they will race you for it and take the health. This is especially frustrating when you are fighting Minion and you have one shot left to kill him and he quickly finds full health. *Cue controller hitting floor*The levels are not very large. Not much scenery and not much to discover. There's a few hidden places you can find to explore, but for the most part it's very limited.All in all, TM3 falls flat. The previous installments are much better both in game-play value, and in overall playability.If you can find this cheap, get it. Otherwise pass it up.
Trust me, Do not buy this game.  I am the local TM lover and know-all.  I bought TM4, TM2, and TM3 (sadly I can't find a copy of TM1)  After i bought TM2, I was looking forward to cool characters, cool battlegrounds, and semi-pixated graphics.  I found none of these things.  There are only 4 new characters, Club Kid, Auger, Flamethrower, and my favorite new driver, Flower Power.  The levels, especially Washington DC, is a small open level, which is no fun.  The North Pole is annoying, and I hate the boring London level.  The graphics are cheesy, and 989 studios tried to make them look too real.  The cars flip over with every tight turn you make, when another car hits you, or you drive onto a hill.  This game is not realistic.  This game should have 0 stars and is a disgrace to the TM title.  I warn you, do not even look at this game.  It is the worst.  The car combat genre is in shame.
To this very day I still cannot understand why everyone loves Tomb Raider so much. Aside from the odd improvement here and there, the games haven't changed vastly (I think Doom to Quake is vastly) at all. I find controlling Lara very clumsey, the 3rd person view not help. Plus, Lara does all the aiming so the satisfaction of blasting something's head off from a distance is non-existent. I found myself fart around half the time. Where's the fun in climbing up a rock face? I'm all for puzzles but I find these games boring and labourious. Oh, and Lara Croft is not fit because she's not real and if she was she'd fall forwards due to her massive mammaries. So stop ogling at your screen, you sad people!
I recently tried playing this game, and by this point, my N64 is lucky it didn't get chucked out the window. The first few passes through the first few stages were fine, and pretty fun, but the rest of the game ends up being one long, annoying, tedious, impossible, and frustrating chore.To start off, the control just isn't good enough to pull off HALF the things you need to do in this game. There are instances where you must execute specific jumps to get you from point A to point B, but half the time, the controller is non-responsive. Especially when it comes to levels that put you high up, this usually means falling...over and OVER again!To add to this annoyance is the fact that there are no check points. If a level requires you to go to the top of a mountain, and you spend half an hour just getting up there and then you fall, you have to climb the whole thing ALL OVER AGAIN! So if you're like me, and find your self wondering off cliffs every other try because of the awful camera work, you will be playing the same stages over and over with no payoff but one big headache!Now let's talk about the camera. Throughout most of the game, I found my self fighting IT more than I fought Bowser. It's simply impossible to judge distances based on where the camera is facing at any given time. Pressing the C buttons will move it around, but you have to keep perfectly still in order to avoid suddenly gong sideways or backwards. If you are in a stage where there is a time limit or a complicated jump, this can be particularly fatal.Adding to this frustration is the fact that it is incredibly easy to over or under jump! This wouldn't be as much of a problem if it weren't for all the levels which require you to get to "the top" of things. Again, if you fall once, that's it, you start all over again. If the game designers weren't going to give you any continue points in these levels, why-o-why did they make it SO FRIGGIN' EASY FOR YOU TO FALL!!!???There are plenty of levels and stages in this game, and lots to do in all of them. But by the time I cleared one stage, I really questioned whether or not I wanted to even GO to the next. Finally, after reaching a mere 52 stars, my answer is no.So that's my two cents on this game, I can't beat it, I don't want to beat it. I'd rather go to a Morrissey concert with Kathy Griffin as the opening act than try to play it again. It would me MUCH less annoying than this game!
I'm pretty sick and tired of people calling Super Mario 64 a classic.  It's not.  Just because it's significant and influential in helping pave the way for future Mario titles doesn't mean Super Mario 64 is deserving of its classic status, or that it's any fun to actually play.  Super Mario Galaxy came along and pretty much improved every single aspect of Super Mario 64 so you basically no longer have to play this game other than to get a dated taste of mid 90's gaming history.  The only other possible reason someone would play Super Mario 64 is because they desperately seek open world exploration, and this is basically the only Mario platformer that can at least attempt to satisfy gamers with that particular appetite.  Not that I personally believe the game succeeds at the exploring aspect either.The biggest problem is that so much of the land you explore consists of emptiness.  Oh sure you'll see trees, ramps, castles, buildings, enemies such as goombas, chain chomps, badly and laughably animated thwomps lifting up and slamming down, pokeys, rolling boulders, and other things that have become a trademark of the Mario series, but the amount of items to find and collect is *extremely* limited to coins (both yellow and red ones) and the occasional power-up that enables Mario to either fly (which admittedly is pretty fun) or obtain the incredibly boring metal cap that makes Mario invincible.  An alternative to the starman perhaps, with lousy side effects (Mario can't jump as high or far while wearing the metal cap).When you're not experiencing the endless disappointment that is running across empty and boring lands and basically doing nothing but wasting time, you're jumping across a series of unspectacular and very ordinary-presented platforms over and *over* again.  This stuff seriously resembles a beginners course for developing platforms.  It's extremely basic game design.  The platforms are generic square-shaped tiles for you to jump across that quite often are all the same exact size.  It gets monotonous almost immediately.  Only unreasonable Nintendo fans would eat this stuff up, seriously.  Anybody else would obviously be able to detect flawed, repetitive gameplay.  The 2D Mario games move at such a swift pace that you don't even have time to stop and notice the platforms (unless you're an extremely slow gamer).  This is mainly because you don't have to stop and situate Mario a certain way for the purpose of making the perfect jump which is what severely ruins Super Mario 64's gameplay.  And don't EVEN say my skills are horrible when it's obvious through countless youtube videos that several gamers have the same exact issue.While I'm by no means someone who cares about the best graphics available, you gotta admit the ones here have dated horrendously with embarrassing blocky shapes pretty much occupying most areas of the game.  The buildings, water and trees in particular are just awful for the eyes.  Nothing appealing whatsoever about any of the graphics- even the bright inviting colors don't lure me in but rather rub me the wrong way and force some of us older gamers to recall the unpleasant days of Mario Paint.You have to collect 120 stars in order to complete the game 100% but guess what?  Many of the stars are flat out boring to collect due to being pathetically easy and basically being handed to you within minutes.  What kind of challenge is that?  The one where you have to swim around and open treasure chests in a certain order is baby-ish, and the one where you swim around collecting 8 predictably located red coins inside a basic building near the beginning of the game is offensive.  Or how about simply stomping a post into a ground to release a gate and thus, release the star?  Don't even *think* about mentioning the ones where you walk up to Toad and he simply hands you the star.  Granted, the game seems to always alternate easy star-collecting challenges with longer and more drawn out ones as a way to balance things out but that's the problem- the stars are either too easy or too long.  There is one star mission so awful it makes your inevitable death seem like something to anticipate- the one where you have to jump across a series of moving poles.  You have to jump at *just* the right moment while making sure you're positioned in the right spot.  This takes forever and is dreadfully annoying.Also, what's up with all the little baby games?  Grab a baby penguin and slide down a snowy hill?  Chase the bunny so he doesn't hop away?  These are not suitable for anyone who recalls the challenging portions of previous 2D gaming such as Super Mario Bros. 3 or Super Mario World (and yes, these bunny grabbing missions are flaws in Super Mario Galaxy too, in case you think I'm intentionally favoring Super Mario Galaxy for no reason).  At least the cannon-shooting parts are cool.  It's fun figuring out where to launch Mario so he can land safely on upper grounds.I can't help but feel the red star collecting is overrated.  When you collect red stars in Yoshi's Island, you feel like you're given a really elaborate and perfectly executed assignment since you also have to collect flowers and stars to 100% complete a stage.  It's a lot to do not to mention really darn exciting and satisfying once you've acquired all these items, and constantly keeps your attention span in check while searching for them.  Super Mario 64 basically takes that one red coin-collecting element of Yoshi's Island and makes it a main priority here.  You often have to collect 8 red coins per stage (opposed to 20 in Yoshi's Island) to obtain one of the 120 stars.  Ugh.But nothing NOTHING is worse than the fact you have to re-enter stages over and over again just to grab all the stars that are located throughout.  To me this is unquestionably lazy game design.  How can it be anything else?  Who in their right mind would actually *want* to keep going back to the same exact stage ad nauseam?  Super Mario World was guilty of this too granted but not NEARLY to this exaggerated extent.  A terrible idea that gives a false impression a game has replay value but it's exactly the opposite- once you go through the same stage a bunch of times and finally accomplish everything there is to offer, you won't want to repeat these same objectives ever again.  So... you probably won't want to play Super Mario 64 ever again.  Even worse- when you often have to search for 100 coins to obtain a star.  This can take up to 20 minutes and bore you the entire time.  Being forced to collect 100 coins is a lazy way of assuring gamers don't leave any stone unturned because you basically have to thoroughly search every nook and cranny of a stage to even *find* 100 of them.I also dislike how many of the classic enemies aren't included here such as the hammer brothers, buzzy beetles, bloopers, and cheep cheeps.  Even the koopa troopa is nowhere to be seen (well, other than that one race in the beginning).  You can ride a koopa shell like a skateboard but that doesn't count as an enemy appearance.  He's not a true enemy here.  Why is that?  Why not include all the familiar and well-loved enemies that have become a trademark to the Mario series?  They ruin the pirahna plants by the way.  Why is he sleeping?  Granted he comes alive when you get near, but it's a really weird concept.  At least Nintendo got the boos and haunted house right- a surprising and exciting maze-like high point of the game.  It's a lot of fun sorting through each room of the haunted house stages.  *That's* how you design a memorable stage.  Obviously if you weren't busy running around through several vast and average-designed empty fields of grass, there could have EASILY been room for the inclusion of more enemies.  Hey I'm all for open world exploration, but you have to actually fill in those areas with exciting, creative items that are both fun and rewarding to collect for the player, and enemies that present threatening encounters and a rush of excitement.  Simply throwing Mario into a big 3D world because it's his first grand 3D adventure truthfully isn't going to get the job done I'm afraid.  More needs to be done.Constantly having to rearrange the camera so you can see where you're actually going is a nuisance.  Nobody likes dealing with a camera while jumping around trying to play a video game, but granted, several games back in the mid to late 90's were guilty of the same camera problems since developers were still getting their feet wet so to speak, and figuring out the best way to help players accurately and conveniently see what's ahead.  Still, you'll lose more than a few lives due to bad camera angles in Super Mario 64.  I guarantee it.  One thing I *do* like about this game is how fast Mario runs.  It's a fast-moving game, which helps going from point A to point B more convenient. Also some of the wall jumps and triple jumps are fun to execute.  Reminds me of Super Metroid in that respect.  Yoshi is teased in this game (I won't spoil how) but he's not actually playable which doesn't make sense.  Why make an appearance if he's not going to be playable?The music is either extremely good (the brilliant peaceful moodiness of the water theme and the intimidating and exciting heavy metal-like Bowser fights) or downright horrendous (everything else, which consists of annoying nursery rhyme children's themes inappropriate and painfully skull-smashing for the rest of us).  I can't STAND the theme songs that play in Whomp's Fortress and Rainbow Ride- two unforgivable themes that make me want to smash my brains in whenever I play Super Mario Galaxy 2 where they return in all their overbearingly annoying glory.  Rainbow Ride in particular reminds me of a county hayride where kids ride around on tractors (not to mention the stage itself is extremely tedious and overlong).  The snowy mountain stage with the Italian accordion music is sickening and out of place.  Just mute the volume on your TV to make life easier for yourself.  The boss fights are incredibly simplistic- grab Bowser's tail, spin him around and toss him, or pick up/stomp other bosses.  Basic, boring stuff.A few stages that are actually fun include Lethal Lava Land where the platforms convincingly feel like an upgrade into the 3D world from the original Super Mario Bros. castle levels (not to mention better/more interesting use of platform jumping compared to the rest of the levels in SM64), Shifting Sand Land since it's packed with obstacles and enemies (and reasonably challenging overall), and Tall Tall Mountain's tricky climb to the top (involving a vine climbing portion).  In fact, to be fair, Tall Tall Mountain is one of the best levels ever in a 3D Mario game.  It's *that* good.  Bowser's castle levels are pretty solid as well, mostly due to the fast-paced nature of them.Several things feel tacky- the 1-ups and coins are small, dark, ugly looking, and clumsily made due to less than spectacular graphics and game design, and overall Super Mario 64 is just a really lackluster and highly overrated game.  If not for influence, this game would have been forgotten and the superior Super Mario Galaxy series would have prevailed even more dominantly than they already do.  Oh and don't even mention the cake-eating storyline.  It's atrocious.  The fact they brought it back for the Galaxy series makes me want to vomit.
Let me just say that i think mario 64 is a okay game as far as gameplay and graphics goes but, every level get's harder and harder it's so hard it would take you months to beat it and by the time you do you would be white as a sheet from staying inside all the time and 50% of your muscles would atrophy. also the ending really sucks it ends by princess toadstool saying let's make a cake for mario then it's over so don't waste your time with this game.
Even when it first came out I tried out this game but could not get into it and I hate the n64 old style 3d graphics where the camera angle ends up getting you killed every five seconds, espessially in pits.  Of all the Mario games to date including the amazing Wii titles except for Super Mario Wii this has to be the worst Mario game for me since Mario Nes.  The graphics are terrible, the music is annoying and it's just boaring.
I started my first succesful city (w/o a starter city) and it was great! Then, after about two hours of gameplay, MY 855,500 pop. city had a problem with people. It must have, because in less than 20 minuets, My city was reduced to about 250,000 pop. Get this IT WAS FOR NO APPARENT REASON. My popularity was high, all of the ordenances I could have had were activated, all buildings had water and power, I had full funding to schools, firestations, police, ect., police and fire coverage were excelant, taxes were only at 3 for everything (Ind., Com., and Res.), and everything else you could think of, I had it. It was the perfect city and my whole population (who still liked by the way) left the city. If you have a good reason for it , I'd say it was a glitch in the game. Don't get me wrong, it is a fun game when there is a reason to the sudden drops, but I don't think you can have a real good city that lasts for more than four or five hours and there is no good city, they'll all die out eventually. The only option you have is LOSS. I am hoping that SC 4000 will be MUCH better.
I'll admit right now that I hate all of the Simcities that came out, with the exception of the Super Nintendo version of the first Simcity.  I'm more of an action person, not a sit-back-and-watch-my-city-grow person.  Sure,  Simcity 3000 is good for a while with it's catchy graphics and innovative  approach to buidling a city, but a few hours later, you'll either want to  fall asleep or put your fist through the monitor, depending upon whether  the income for your city is positive or negative for each game year.  I  turned out to be one of the latter people.  No matter how hard I tried, I  could never get the income to come out positive.  So, I did what any  distraught and stuck person would do...go online for cheat codes!  An hour  later, I was bored.  If you're a thinker, by all means try Simcity 3000  out.  But, if you're a person that thinks actions speak louder than words,  try Dungeon Keeper 2, a game like Simcity 3000, but not as complex (and  more active!).
I love Sim. games very much but I did not like this Sim. game.  After I would have my little city all set up I would need to watch it like a hawk leaving me with almost no time to expand and improve on my little city.  I have been told to give this game another try but I just can not find a reason to go back and try this game again.
the only SHUMP on the 64 i figured i'd check it out... it plays like a genesis game with crude 3D backgrounds. not very interesting to look at. if you want SHUMP there's only one system for you and it's called the dreamcast. this one you can pass on.
This Game Isn't Very Exciting.I Don't Like This Game.It's Boring .What You Do In This Game Is Try To Go Through Boring Levels That Don't Look Very Detailed.I Warn You.You Won't Like This Game.I Warn You.Don't Pick This Up.This Game Is Really Old  And Just Such A Bad Game .
This game was very poorly made...it's really boring, because all you do is walk around and throw stuff at things. All the enemies are exactly the same, there's never any health, and 100 health points aren't enough, because the health goes down too fast. The sight of range is ridiculous because half the screen is nothing but fog, and it all just draws in as you walk ahead, making it hard to see enemies. I do like seeing the familiar South Park characters in 3D, the game is very funny, and the weapons are hilarious! But still, I wouldn't buy it. Rent at most.
I only gave this game 2 stars because if you're die-hard South Park fan, it's possible that you might enjoy this game... but I like South Park, and I HATED it. The controls are IMPOSSIBLE to use (you have to use the C buttons most of the time), the gameplay is repetitive and boring (all you do is walk around throwing snowballs at turkeys), and the multiplayer part is boring too. One pro is that the guns are pretty original &amp; the South Park kids say some funny things, but the novelty wears off after a while. I bought this game when it first came out, for ..., and I sold it for $5 at a stoop sale... I just wanted to get rid of it, it's really that bad. If you really have to get it, at least rent it first.
Konami took a bold step into 3-D with this Castlevania installment for the 64.  Unfortunately, it didn't live up to expectations, which part of it is because it wasn't the same people (believe it or not) that did Symphony of the Night (PSX).  Read on to see why it's a below average game:THE GOODFinally, Castlevania in 3-D!  Despite many shortcomings, the game does have some eerie music and a dark atmosphere, which are characteristic of a Castlevania game (at least the newer releases).  You can select between two characters (Carrie and Reinhart) that change the storyline somewhat.THE BADI was never a fan of the 64 controller and this is the one game where it hurt most.  The controls and gameplay were difficult at best, and normally I have a decent tolerance level for controls; Here's where I absolutely loathed it.  Getting your character to go where you want is quite a challenge for this game.  Also, the storyline, aside from the two characters' different (yet similar) paths, is really hollow at its core and doesn't add anything new to the Castlevania legacy.OVERALLNot recommended.  I advise renting the game only.  ONLY BUY IT IF YOU ARE A DIE-HARD N64 FAN.  Otherwise, I strongly recommend skipping it.  I'm a big Castlevania fan and I feel that this game does not do the series justice.  I noticed some people in their reviews that they liked this game over Bloodlines (Genesis); Why?!  Bloodlines had far better gameplay and replay value than this!  Perhaps it's because 90% of gamers today prefer graphics over gameplay, when it's GAMEPLAY that creates the game.
game came on time and works. This game is pretty bad in my opinion I would stick to the 2d whipping action if your looking for fun. You choose from 2 pretty lame characters, camera angles are no good and the gameplay it's self is not great. Get this game to add to your collection but other then that this game is a waste of energy.
There's a lot of hype surrounding the Resident Evil series of games. They're on most systems, there are books, and even a movie. The story is a good one, but I found the game to not be so great. Graphics are alright, the sound is bad though. And game play is horrible. Trying to move around is difficult and can be confusing, especially when you're under attack and things are chaotic. The characters move unlike most games. You don't go in the direction of the D-pad, rather you turn with right and left direction and move with a button. It was poorly designed. But since the Playstation 2 is out, and better games as well as more Resident Evil, there's no reason to pick up this game anymore. The 2-disc set here is one adventure with a male character and another with a female. The game is involved, just not as much fun as it shoud be
Wasn't the very first Crash Bandicoot game supposed to become one of the all-time greatest Playstation games?  That's what Sony thought would happen back in the day.  After all, they promoted the game to death.  Well look at that... didn't happen!  And with good reason.  The game is horrible.  I can't believe ANYONE would prefer this junk over Sonic the Hedgehog or, especially, the Mario Bros. series.You have to give Sony a LOT of credit for all the attention they put into Crash Bandicoot in an attempt to put the game on the same extraordinary level as Mario and Sonic, but gamers never really caught on to Crash the same way.  When you think about it, the Playstation already HAD a huge selection of games to choose from around the time Crash was released, therefore Sony didn't even NEED a mascot.  People were buying Playstation games like crazy anyway!  Crash Bandicoot never even had to exist.You'd think for a debut game (a BIG debut, considering all the advertisements on TV commercials) Sony would have made the game a *little* easier for younger or inexperienced gamers to play.  Instead, Sony started off the Crash series with impossible bonus levels (impossible to complete AND find- I didn't even KNOW the game had bonus levels until I looked it up in the instruction booklet!)Even if you ignore the bonus levels, the challenge overall is pretty high anyway thanks to all the difficult stages (such as the one where you're crossing a bridge way up in the sky and continue falling through the wooden cracks- a NIGHTMARE of a level!)  All the lives you earned up to this point in the game will go away.  A mascot debut game shouldn't have the difficulty THIS high because the idea is for players of ALL ages to enjoy the game.  Children will not like the nonstop frustration.I think the biggest reason Crash Bandicoot isn't remembered today the same way Mario and Sonic's debut games are is because Crash is basically just a blend of Mario and Sonic, but featured in a 3D world.  Think about it.  Crash collects berries throughout the game (Mario collects coins, Sonic collects rings).  Crash has a spin attack (Mario and Sonic already had spin attacks YEARS before Crash's existence).  Sony just didn't have enough creative ideas to come up with something entirely different, and that's why most gamers tend to ignore Crash Bandicoot.  When you already have the best (Mario and Sonic) you don't need imitations.Crash Bandicoot may have improved later on (not enough of an improvement to earn its mascot reputation, however) but the series certainly did NOT start with a bang.  I will always remember the very first Crash Bandicoot game as being this uninteresting, frustrating experience.  Heck, just the fact that only 62 reviewers have submitted reviews for the game right here on amazon goes to show Crash Bandicoot's first adventure was meant to be gone and forgotten.  Add to the fact that right now in the year 2006 NO ONE is talking about ANY Crash Bandicoot game anymore.  This means you can ignore Crash Bandicoot entirely, and not really miss out on anything.
this game is pretty bad first off all you can do is run strait the only good thing about is its pretty long the other bad thing is its to hard and it gets boring i wouldnt buy this game if you want a crash bandicoot game get either 2,3,4.
Naughty Dog and Sony released Crash Bandicoot, which rivaled the likes of Mario and Sonic. In the end, many gamers liked Crash's non-stop action, but others simply just skipped it. Even though it was very promising, Crash's gameplay did not really offer anything new, which featured elements you can find in a 16-bit platformer.You play as Crash, whose girlfriend is kidnapped by Dr. Neo Cortex. You basically just run through the levels from start to finish and fight bosses after each world. Even though the action is intense throughout, the gameplay becomes really tedious. Crash Bandicoot did nothing new for adventure games and it isn't really 3D since you're restricted to one path. All you do is make your way through levels, dodging obstacles, avoiding enemies, and collect items and nothing more. The difficulty level is not exactly high either, and the challenge is severely lacking.Crash's graphics are quite impressive for a PlayStation game, including well-textured environments and colorful characters. Effects like running water and mist and fog are great eye-candy. The visuals are the game's only saving grace. Controlling the bandicoot can be a hassle since it doesn't use analog. You're forced to deal with sensitivity of the crosspad and at times will result in unwanted deaths.Aside from good graphics, you're left with nothing but an average platformer equivalent to that of a 16-bit Sonic game in a polygonal world. While it may be 3D, Crash plays out too much like an old side-scrolling game of the past. I don't know why would anyone want to play this game because Crash Bandicoot pales in comparison to other breakthrough adventure games at the time, like Sega's NiGHTS and Nintendo's Mario 64.
Augh! I found the first few levels of Crash 1 harder than the 3rd world levels Crash 2 and 3. It also uses a system of having to pass one level to get to the next. This becomes frustrating because I found myself having to repeat the same level over and over again because I either died or... hell, I don't know. I just had to repeat the level because it wouldn't let me continue.Also, there is no giant screen where you can save. You have to find the bonus platform, and make it all the way through the bonus part to save. Happen to fall through the cracks on the bonus? Sorry! You're just going to have to hope you don't die or else you'll have to repeat EVERYTHING. OVER. AGAIN.A little kid is going to get frustrated and give up on this game if you get it for him. Be nice to your children. Buy them Crash 2. Or 3. Or games from the Spyro series, that would work too.If you really really want to play all the games in the Crash series just rent it.. even though it's dirt cheap to buy.. (haha) Put the money towards something BETTER.
On hog ride. People has misplaced faces and they look like they took drugs. This game sucked. :) Sonic is better!!!
Ok, here are the reasons this game is BAD!.1. The graphics aren't very good and plus most of the levels look alike.2. It's frustrating, and there are millions of ways to die in one level.3. You'll wish you never had this game.4. Most of it doesn't make any sense and it's un-imaginative.There.  Are those good enough reasons NOT to get this game? Don't get it.
If you like orange bandicoots and video games, then get Crash Bandicoot, the stuff of dreams and legends. "I am N.Gin you FOOL! Face my destructive robots!" That is my fave quote. If you hop on the 'shrooms right before the end o' the 2nd snow bear level and go to the central one, you shall find none other but a secret tele-port. You will go to an unknown warp room that makes no sense. Congrats.
Everytimes we loaded the game it would play for maybe 5 mins and then would keep freezing and not play and my gaming system is not messed up I cant return the game I threw away the bag I wish companies would test their damn games before selling them disapointed.
Overall, it's a pretty good game. 1 star taken off because it does not feature the original soundtrack, and because of this many levels are silent or have different music. another star taken off because of load times, the graphics, lag (come on, no amount of enemies should make a game like this lag), and the censoring of some levels. Also, no 2-player Co-op, only online which is stupid. If you simply MUST have it on PSX then you'll enjoy it, if not then just buy the PC version.
I bought it because it was cheaper than buying the original version which it is identical to except for item placements...
The Good: Decent story, tons of gore, great graphics and audio, new features are neatThe Bad: Abysmal combat, terrible control, extremely slow pace, laughable voice actingI tried so hard to love RE1 and look beyond its major flaws. Flaws such as the abysmal combat system. You can't aim at anything! The tank controls don't help either so you always end up dying CONSTANTLY, and with a lack of health and ammo you'll toss your PS1/PS2/PS3/PSP out the window. The other flaw is the level design. Everything is so confusing and it's so easy to get lost. The map doesn't help one bit because all it does is highlight the hallway that you are in red and you have to decipher what doors go where.Another thing that doesn't help is the game's pace...it's sooooooo slow! When you open a door or walk up stairs the animations talk forever to finish, menu are slow, text is not skippable. Another flaw is the laughable and hideous voice acting. They actors sound like they're fresh out of remedial drama, while the live action cut scenes are just as bad. The only good part about RE is the story, enemies, and the amount of gore there is. While DC offers vibration, uncensorship, and a few game play tweaks it's not worth it. RE4 was my first RE and going back to this is just awful. If you haven't played RE1 you're not missing much at all.
Although there are video games out there that can wow you, and then there are the duds. Not all racing games seem to be the best behind the wheel. In the case of a video game coming based from an arcade version, it really seems to be alright, but looks are always decieving. In the case of Nintendo 64, there are very few racing games that really can make it behind the wheel. This isn't really one of them.The 1996 Crus'n U.S.A. game for Nintendo 64, seems to be a real miss behind the real wheel. The graphics are very strong, but you are limited down to a certain number of cars to choose from, which is seven, not like the more than dozen that there are in the arcade game. Although the courses seem to be within detail, there are so many flaws, including th frame rate and the style of the game, especially within the tunnels of place like Washington D.C. Nevertheless, the game seem to be a little down and out, but at the time it came out for Nintendo 64, it was one of only two video racing games for the Nintendo 64.It is kind of dissapointing that they couldn't try to make some better video games with racing at the time, but there are so many better choices to the Nintendo 64. If you're really into the racing feel of the Nintendo 64, I suggest you either get Mario Kart 64, Rush 2, or the sequel to Crus'n U.S.A. : Crus'n World.
I think it's too late to give a review on this game, but here goes. This is the most perverted game ever made. When you think about it, it's pretty disgusting. "Aim for the open spot!", "I'll do you fast, Peppy old pal.", "Fox, get this guy off me!" "I've got a present for ya!" EEEEEEEEEUUU! Should kids be playing these games?Anyway, the gameplay is fun...for 15 minutes. Then it's bothersome, annoying, and dull. Your team mates have the worst A.I. ever, and they don't get power-ups. The game is horribly easy and WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY too short. Like, 30 minutes short. Also, the voice acting sucks.I hope Starfox Adventures will be good. This game shouldn't have started the whole Starfox thing. If so, it needed work.
At first I didnt like this game, then I got into it. It's like an electic boardgame. The one thing I hate is playing against the consol. Always play with four real people.
This game is horrible. First, I bought this video &quot;game&quot; because I thought it was fun. Well in wasn't. 1st, the graphics are poor. 2nd the computer's difficulty level is so hard. If you play with one, two, or three people, you always lose. The computer is WAY more expirenced than a human will ever be, and it just degrades from the fun factor. So ignore the reviews that say it is so great. They are overexxagerating. My 8-year-old brother got bored with it in 3 hours.
This game had the potential to be great, but the controls were very difficult to maneuver with, as your thumbs will become very sore after trying to move your character with the D-pad for however long you play the game. If you can find yourself a specialized D-Pad for fighting games, or one that can override the Dualshock analog limitations, than you just may be good to go, but you can easily take a lot of damage, and you can't save anywhere like you would be able to if you played any of the Doom games, or Quake. If you want something that will scare the jeepers out of you, then go ahead and play this, but if you want a comfortable game with horror elements, I think you are better off playing Doom 3, Silent Hill, the original Quake or Resident Evil 1-3.These are my two cents.
I bought this game back in December. I played it for about 2 solid hours. I come to realize that this is it. All the same levels are like this. So boring and so not like the movies, and the movement and the weapons in this game are terrible. Not to mention the animation of the Aliens, they look like they are break dancing or having an upright seizure, moving back and forth like a tiger pacing in a cage. The alien creatures are so predictable in this game, and not the least bit scary. The parasites things that crawl on the ceiling, walls, and floor is perfectly done, but I am going to have to say that even the DOOM games bring better action and better background and goals and weapon options compared to this Alien game. The PC game, ALIEN VS PREDATOR is by far way better than this, and is true to the plot and movie action.Its too bad I spend 12 dollars on this game, I am going to re-sell it right away and let some other sucker buy it.
I remember playing this game back around 1996. I was nearly 12 years old when I first played this game and I thought, at the time, this was a really cool game. I really like the Alien movies (mainly the first and second one) and I was fairly excited to play any game based on my favorite movie.Now, as a grown up (or maybe still a child at heart, lol), I came across this game again. Remembering all my childhood experiences with this game, I was fairly excited to relive it. Right after playing it for about 5 minutes, I started laughing at myself. I honestly don't know what I saw in this game. The game is so horribly crafted that it's really a surprise that they released this game at all. The graphics are ok (given the time it was released), and the weapons are kinda cool. However, that's all that's good about this game.If you are buying this game to relive some childhood memories, I recommend not buying it because you're going to ruin some good memories. Just keep it as memories, don't relive it because you might see it differently.
This game is so stupid like one of the revier's said all you do is find stuff and haveto find the exit door. And the last three levels are impossible to beat because they all look the same and you keep finding the same door you went through before. This game is like doom, you know the one where you just see the weapon. Dont' get me wrong the graphics were cool but it just sucked and the only way to beat it is if you cheat.
The product arrived in its original case with game booklet. The case was cracked and the CD had minor scratches on it. The gameplay controls are very confusing and difficult. It takes some getting used to. The image was very dark, not sure if it was my TV but no other games have ever had this problem. The in-game options did not have and actual brightness setting to help me with this. The sound during gameplay will randomly crackle and or stop all together. Overall i was not happy with the game itself. I had no problems with the provider or the arrival of the product.
KEEP AWAY UNLESS YOU ARE A FAN OF THE ALIEN SERIES!!!This game is old, and it shows.  There is no Dual Shock capabilities, and pretty much everything is sprite animation except the walls and doors.  It really looks like it could be a cell phone game.  The story is: there is no story.  You are pointlessly taken on an adventure through the areas of the first three movies in the series (the TRILOGY at the time, obviously) and pit against tons of enemies including human foes as well as the Alien creatures and their varients.  This game isn't very creative, or well designed, but it is classic.  In the end, and as a fan of the Alien series, I must say DO NOT play this game.  It will only alter your perception of the series.
...  In more ways then one, it trys to match the style and fun of Goldeneye, but fails miserably.  Considering this game was made after Goldeneye, you would think it would at least have quality graphics, but no.  Gameplay and control is horrible and frustrating, where it offers only one controller set up and one camera angle where you are stuck behind the character.  The missions are vrey booring too.  This game is very hard even on the "possible" setting and has glitches where you loose the missions at the end after doing everything your supposed to.Do yourself a favor and never play this horrible game.
To sum it up, Sony didn't do that great of a job trying to find a way onto the ever growing RPG scene on the Playstation.  It lacks a strong story, mostly.  You run around reviving Genesis Trees to remove the evil mist that has transformed kind creatures to evil little monsters.  That's right an evil mist is your enemy.  I as much a believer in the etherial realm of evil as most people but come on.  You don't actually expect me to fight mist.  They try to tack on a final boss but he seems oddly removed from the evil from the mist so his presence makes little sense.  The battles, though the engine is innovative, are much to long.  A battle can last anywhere from 3 minutes to almost an hour.  The main reason that the battles are so time consuming is because of the lengthy entering of the combat combos that your character uses.  The game just stops being fun when you have been in the same dungeon for two hours because you are getting into too many battles.  The dialouge is also very dry and foolishly written.  After meeting the character Noa I knew that I wanted her to be killed by the mist.  She is maddingly annoying, and she runs around like some mental midget on steriods.  The other two characters have no personalities.  This makes it hard to get involved with the game.  The pluses.  The aformentioned battle engine innovativeness.  Also when you buy a new peice of armor or a weapon you actually see it on your character in battle and they actually use it.  Their are some really odd looking weapons and armor.  The bad part is that gold is very difficult to come across in this game.  My words to you.  Do not buy, do not rent, do not do anything with this game.  It should be burned and its record removed from the planet.  This game does not belong with anyone Playstation collection.  Unless you are really hard up for some entertainment.
Avarage rpg with long and boring combact system, less than avarage story, dull characters, poor dialogue and dull graphics. Dont' waste your money in such weak product.
I did not get anything from this product personally and I haven't enjoyed this one at all.
Products offered by many marketplace sellers are not original Nintendo Brand. Often they are unlicensed third party knock-off expansion packs. Ive personally had these damage a system and ruin games. Look for sellers offering the real thing by Nintendo. Ive warned you. You can save a few bucks and take your chances. Deviation from the actual product isn't even allowed on Amazon. Their very listings are a violation to begin with. Their feedback speaks for itself.
I have used a lot of third party expansion packs for the Nintendo 64 and they all have been problematic causing crashes and other issues. The only one that works without a problem is the Nintendo brand Expansion Pak.
I tried to like this game, I really did, but the controls are horrible and some of the worst I've experienced when trying to shoot something. When playing I also wondered why it took developers so long to utilize the second analog stick and why it took so long for them to learn how to develop for the Playstation platform. While the story is well-done, it was hard to appreciate under the terrible gameplay. So I'll understand if Syphon Filter fans hate me because of this review, but seriously the gameplay is terrible.
This is an early military simulation type game, and pretty much obsolete, basically a mediocre pastiche of other stuff being done at the time. The graphics are supposed to be photo realistic but they aren't, the ideal in these types of games is that it should look like a helmet cam worn by a soldier in real life. Everything looks very matter of fact... This isn't a beautiful game to behold. The psn version that I have glitches and freezes up often, I don't know if that was a problem in the original or not but it probably was. The Gabe Logan 3D model is the worst that I've seen in a ps1 game, he has a Sasquatch body with a Lego character face, and stands and walks like Sasha Mitchell. That has nothing to do with the limitations of the system but instead it's a limitation of the artistic ability of the people working on the game. Controls are pretty close to as bad as it gets, very hard to steer your character, mostly worthless auto-lock targeting. There is some creativity to the level design, some okay variety, but there was better stuff being made back then. I stopped playing a level or two after the helicopter boss, because the enemies start wearing super flak jackets that take more than one clip, it turns into a head hunting game where you have to go into manual targeting mode and are left a sitting duck unable to move from the sucky controls.
WAY too many positive reviews for such a crappy game.  That's what I think.  Syphon Filter is atrocious.  I received this game as a Christmas present (gee, what a crappy gift) back in the late 90's.  I thought to myself "well, all the N64 players have Goldeneye, I can compete with them when I receive Syphon Filter for my Playstation!"  How wrong I was.It's not that the actual game is bad.  I mean, walking around shooting people is fun, and it's also fun to avoid being seen and make it to the end of the level without having to fire your weapon once (and having to remain VERY quiet while doing so).  The problem is that the difficulty is incredibly high and the storyline is about as interesting as watching the paint your baby brother smeared all over your television set dry.Without a certain special code it's REALLY hard to get *anywhere*.  The storyline is similar to one you'd see in the TV show Jag.  It's just not interesting to me.  Walking around shooting people is fun, but that's all the game has going for it.  Now imagine if that special code didn't exist where you can kill people in just one or two shots.  The difficulty would be out of this world.I also hate the game for the bad memories connected to it.  The Christmas I got the game, I had a few bad personal things happen.  But looking back, Syphon Filter really isn't any good. It's not surprising to me that the game is going for only a couple pennies right now used, and only a couple dollars to buy brand new.  It's not even worth THAT much!
It's a shame that the Sega Saturn didn't succeed in North America the way that it did in Japan because they received the Arcade perfect version of this game for the Saturn and to this date there still is not an Arcade perfect version of this game for any home console. You could probably find someone selling a Japanese Sega Saturn on eBay or something, but that's a lot of trouble and who wants to buy an entire foreign system just to play just one great game (and maybe X-Men vs. Street Fighter too!)?As far as the PlayStation version goes, you are forced to select only one fighter and an assisting teammate due to the PlayStations lack of RAM and VRAM (the Japanese Sega Saturn version requires a packed-in 4 MB RAM Cartridge which allows the game to play exactly like the Arcade version with minimal load times). However there is a trick if you are playing a 2 player game! If both players select the same characters, then you are able to play the game the way it was meant to be played: 2 vs. 2 tag-team! This game plays almost exactly like the previous years X-Men vs. Street Fighter on PlayStation with some new features and different characters. If you liked the way the PlayStation port of Marvel Super Heroes played then you will like this even better since it is more of the same with more character variety and more colorful graphics. Aside from the cutbacks in gameplay style and missing frames of animation (another downside to the PlayStations lack of RAM!), this game is enjoyable enough if you aren't obsessed with the Arcade verion too much. I would still go for the Japanese Sega Saturn version since it is Arcade perfect or wait (and hope) for Capcom to release a Marvel Anthology or another Capcom Arcade Classics compilation with X-Men: Children of The Atom, Marvel Super Heroes, X-Men vs. Street Fighter, this game, Marvel vs. Capcom and Marvel vs. Capcom 2. C'mon Capcom!!!!!!
The game arrived early, which was nice. But when I played it, the thing wouldn't save. It played fine, but it's hard to enjoy when you can't save. So I tried to remedy the situation by replacing the battery. However, it just made it worse. So I just decided to take the hit and toss the thing.
i realize the vast majority of people love this game.A Link To The Past is great. I love that game, loved it when i was a kid, and love it today. And Im willing to concede that the original gameboy doesnt have the advantages of the Super Nintendo. Its understandable. However, even so, I still think the game has glaring flaws that I despise.For one, it feels...cheap. I dont know how else to describe it, but something about this game feels unlike a genuine Zelda game. Between the plot, the fact that its so campy (bow wow, the cheesy dialogue, the un-Zelda like setting, etc)...sorry but if someone told me it was a different franchise, i would believe it.Also, the item usage is just plain stupid. the fact that link has to equip his shield as an item to use it is ludicrous, especially considering there are virtually no opportunities to use the sword and shield together; you will always be using some other item. The constantly changing items slightly bothered me in A Link To The Past, but in this game its even more annoying.The biggest problem I have with the game is this; the overworld map. The areas are all so illogically layed out. To get to one area means going through too many others. Its not like a link to the past where everything was logically laid out...it just somehow feels....too confusing. this game must have been maddening on regular gameboy.Something about this game just seems wrong. Sorry.
This game is so oold you can't even get the graphics!I suggets that if you didn't play this game but you all ready played ruby/sappire you will hate this game. I say wait for fire red and leaf green 2 come out it's the same thing but the graphics are alot better.
It's a game.  But the acting is no worse than the movie so I give it one  extra star because you can do stuff, not just sit there and watch the  lousey acting. &quot;Qui gon, I have a bad feeling about dis&quot;  Well,  it's kinda fun, I guess. You get to whack things with yer light-saber which  sounds much like the movie and the other sound effects/background ambience  are excellent in my opinion.  Music even better.  Gameplay OK.  Graphics  are not the best for now but very good for 1999.  You want a good Episode I  game, try Racer.
Boy, this game was a real disappointment. I truly expected better for this game, since it was based on a truly cool, badass movie. The main reason why it wasn't so good is because of its difficulty... this game was incredibly difficult! Even with the Player's Guide it was very difficult to beat! The last time I played it was probably 2 to 3 years ago though, and back then I wasn't as skilled as I am now at video game playing... maybe I'll give it a second chance. Still, its chances of not being sold or something are not really good.After all the reviews that I read, I thought that when I tried my buddy's game "Star Wars Episode I: Jedi Power Battles" on my step-brother's Dreamcast that it would [stink]completely... but in fact it was the exact opposite. All the reviews I read kept saying how "Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace" was way better than"Star Wars Episode I: Jedi Power Battles"... boy were those reviews experiencing strong cases of irony. "Jedi Power Battles" was a lot more fun than "The Phantom Menace", and it was at a good level of difficulty. Too bad I didn't beat it though, my step-brother doesn't have a Memory Card for his Dreamcast. If you're a HUGE fan of "Star Wars", then don't get this game... you'll end up destroying the game after you see how many pointless missions you have to go through and how many impossibly difficult leaders you have to face: 1) Jabba the Hut's champion fighter, 2) a huge and hairy beast, 3) a thief who stole a part from Anakin's podracer, 4) a Coruscant mercenary, 5) and ofcourse the incredibly powerful Darth Maul. Sure, it may SOUND easy, but wait till you hear this... you don't always play as Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi; in quite a few levels you are forced to play as Captain Panaka and even...gulp... Queen Amidala! Really, I'm not kidding.
This game is horrible first of all the play is slow. This game gets confusing after a while the levals are just too chanelging! The graphics are weak and a poor excuse for a star wars game. The voice overs are soo weak! It takes way too long to load and get thourgh a leval. This doens't even follow the movie real well it goes out of the way and follows the smallest details. This is a must not buy and a huge letdown. Star Wars derserves a better game for thier first movie a almost 20 years and especially with all the new technology around. Don't buy this game!
I was hoping this was a racing game, but it's an adventure game, so I am not very happy with it at this time.
I just have to say one thing first: There clearly are not enough buttons on the N64 controller to make a decent variety of moves. Instead, in this game, there are about nine moves, most of them useless because they do so little damage. This alone makes this game so incredibly boring after two hours that I have to wonder what the creators were thinking when they made this game. Even multiplayer mode loses its appeal pretty quickly, because of the limited amount of moves. There are also a few too many items, and it really makes it less fair that you can use a big baseball bat or a lightsaber or a beamgun to help you win. Also, considering that the gameplay wasn't good enough, the fighting environment takes a new approach at trying to add lots of detail and affecting play, but most of the battle grounds are far too plain for what it is trying to attempt. But I will say that the game has incredible graphics, each character and scene developed beautifully. I also like that in practice mode, you can change the speed of the characters movement so it seems like slow motion. You can make the characters go at normal speed, or one-fourth of it, making for a great amount of Matrix-like suspense. The two challenge rounds are also a challenge, maybe too great a challenge, especially with characters like Yoshi, who don't get a jumping boost, but an egg to throw. The bottom line is, this game is simply a rental, because that is about the amount of time it will take you to get sick of this game. If there were more buttons on the N64 controller, and the game had more play modes, this game could have been pulled off very nicely, but for now, it's just a short rental.
THE GRAPHICS AREN'T TOO GOOD, THE CARS LOOK GREAT BUT ARE LOADED WITH MORE HANDLING PROBLEMS THAN EVER BEFORE, AND THE GAMEPLAY SUCKS. LET'S FACE IT, THE ONCE-GREAT RIDGE RACER SERIES IS NOW DEAD. AND THIS IS THE GAME THAT HELPED SEAL ITS FATE.
I don't see all the hype in this portable gaming device. The games graphics are so terrible (So is Game Boy Advance). The only good Nintendo graphics is the brand new Nintendo DS which has Nintendo 64 graphics which isn't too shabby. But I really hate the Pocket and Color because it's a waste of money. Why would you get something in black and white with terrible graphics and then get one with only some colors (It's not that good) and plus the addition of bad graphics...now that's what I call a bad deal.
The gameboy color was good but i really like the 1989 gameboy the grey one that takes 4 batteries
not get clear about that game as nothing good, not work on code i try as nothing and is that fake or not kind code for this game? i don't understand
Honestly, there's nothing good about this game.  The graphics are NOT at all what the playstation console has the ability for.  The graphics are more like Sega Genesis or Super Nintendo or even the atari rather than the Playstation.  If you like games with good graphics, do not get this game.The gameplay isn't that great, also.  The N64 version is much better, because the gameplay is more up to date and realistic, and plus the graphics are what the graphics SHOULD be like on the new and modern consoles.I swear, play a demo or atleast rent the game, (I rented it and it was the worst money I ever spent) and check out the graphics.  Plus, in order to know the story of this game, you have to read the direction book.  I can't remember it word by word, but it went something like this: "Duke was blasted out his ship and was about to be greeted by earth, when he realizes that a swarm of aliens has crowded the city of L.A." Okay, so the story sounds good...but why wasn't there a sequence within the game SHOWING us the story?  And plus, all the bad guys that you shoot look like cardboard.I think that whatever company or designers created this game obviously didn't have much money at the time, so they decided to make a mediocre game.  This was bad.  Believe me.If you want a game with good gameplay, excellent graphics, wonderful and atmospheric feelings to it, get some game on the playstation like a final fantasy.If you want a game with awful graphics, bad gameplay, no storyline sequences, and a Sega Genesis feel, then get this game.This game is not worth any money at all.
I've been a Duke Nukem fan for a long time. I loved Time to Kill and enjoyed Land of the Babes. Total Meltdown is the most frustrating  FPS I have ever played. The speed is so fast it is hard to move. Looking up and down is a chore.You use L1 and L2 to look up and down. Jumping puzzles are annoying and swimming is almost impossible. Crouching is hard and the graphics are terrible. Sound is bad as well. The only funny part about this Duke Nukem game is the rulebook(it is funny). The only semi-detailed part of this game is Dukes weapons and hand animations. Even the cutscenes are bad. Please try to avoid this game and save some cash.
Duke Nukem is a pretty cool series.  I use to own some of the Nukem Games...I happen to buy this game along time ago at a game store called GameMax..They had it for 4 bucks...It was pretty sweet.  The graphics were terrible but Hey it was on the Play station.  The game play was kinda slow but still good.  I don't know if this is and edited copy of the game...I can tell you is that in this version I got for PS1 you do see women take there braws off when you pay em' cash..But they have stars...Literaly covering there nips..And it also has a type of color...The one that matches there bra..The games violence is over the top.  But still it's a winner...I happen to like the N64 versio more then this even though there isn't Brief nudity like The ps1 version But in the N64 version there is more violence...The bodies explode when you shoot them again after there dead.  You can't do that in the PS1 version but that doesn't really matter.Duke Nukem Total Meltdown is recomended for a mature audience since this game does have over the top pig exploding violence plus you go to an Adults Only Book store and there are half naked strippers with stars on them.I had fun with this game.  It kinda pissed me off cause you didn't get to do all the stuff you can do in the PC version But I still liked it.  Over all it's a mediocer version.I do not recomend this version at at all!  Get the PC version!  Or the N64...I donno I just liked that version.It's a great Duke Nukem Game...Later...
Yes, people, this game sucks big time. This game came with the original Nintendo system back in late 1980s. I had a hard time trying to beat this game because the control was down right horrible. Most of the time you'll jump off edges by accident. And who ... would pay ... to relive the nightmare of this game? Apparent, 82 people who reviewed this game and my friend did.
The quality was listed as &#34;Good&#34;It was on the poor side.Analog feels broken, and a feels buttons are sticky.But it did work 2/5
Wow, Superman! This game has earned the lowest review score I have ever given a game (and I've given some rather s***ty scores), and the second lowest score I have given a product I've reviewed. I find it absolutely sickening when some of the people who reviewed this game; like ShaqFu (A guy who named himself after what many people would proclaim as the worst fighting game of all time and one of the worst games of all time, mind you), said that this game was a masterpiece and quote on quote, "This is by far the best game on the N64." WHAT?! You're not serious are you? This is definitely not the best game on the N64, it is without a doubt the worst game to plague the N64. That's like the stupid people who say the that the God-awful Gamecube was way better than the PS2 and Xbox, it's not an opinion, it's the truth that those things suck. To show my love for the N64, instead I will give you a list of my personal favorite N64 titles you should play instead of this:1. Perfect Dark2. Starfox 643. Conker's Bad Fur Day4. Resident Evil 25. Mario Kart 646. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater7. Spider-Man8. Star Wars Episode I Racer9. Road Rash 6410.Pilotwings 6411.San Francisco Rush series12.Goldeneye 00713.Turok seriesetc., etc., etc.There, go play those instead. Those games are a million times better each than this game will ever be. Now let's talk about the glorious Superman 64 in all of its greatness!WHAT THE GAME IS: The story seems straight out of an award-winning movie. Superman's friends have been kidnapped by Lex Luthor and thrown into a virtual metropolis. Superman must go save his friends and the world from the evil deeds of Lex. This game feels like a Pilotwings/Beat 'em up/Find the button game.GRAPHICS: The people who gave this game 5-star reviews said the graphics are amazing. Are they? Why yes, if you think a game that looks like a PSone game made on a budget of $10 or it looks someone vomited Fruity Pebbles all over the TV screen, then yes it does look fantastic. Absolutely mind-blowing especially with the numerous glitches in the environments. The programming work done by Titus is stunning indeed. Superman can go through walls unexpectedly or can stuck in random places and will be unable to move for a brief period of time. Wow, Titus!MUSIC: The musical score is truly amazing. It's the kind of musical score that makes a person want to drown some kittens when they hear it. I want this composer's hand then slap them across the face and tell them, "Wow, way to suck!"SOUND: The sound effects seem like they were recorded in a basement. Everything is too quiet or it echoes. Another accomplished feat for the guys who made this game. Even something as simple as sound effects suck.GAMEPLAY: During my playthrough of the game this is how the missions went; Fly through the rings! Pick up those cars before those people get crushed! Fly through more rings! Pick up that police car and take it to the other side of the road! Fly through more rings! Beat those four thugs armed with guns! Fly through more rings! Use your ice breath to stop those tornadoes from sucking up those people! Fly though more rings! Go into a building! Beat up robots and find a keycard! Insert keycard then go to an elevator to another with even more robots to beat up! Destroy those robots, open those doors, and rescue those people underground! Go disarm bombs, and along the way beat up more robots, a tank, and a woman who has better skills than you do! The repetition goes on and on and on. This game is very repetitive. Extremely repetitive to be exact. And very broken too. Overall, this game plays out like Pilotwings, except you break the controls, and the make the dated visuals even worse.OVERALL: If you enjoy life and don't wish to pollute the classic N64 stay away from this horrible game. I'm surprised Nintendo didn't do what Atari did with E.T. for the Atari 2600. Destroy thousands of copies and bury them in New Mexico. Worst of all there's a Nintendo Seal of Quality on the box. How did nobody stand up to say, "This game sucks," that's all it would have taken.THE GOOD: (This category has been left blank for obvious reasons).THE BAD: Everything. Every single thing is bad about this game.
If flying through rings with bad handling and a time limit is fun then buy this game. All you do is fly through rings and fight enemies on a time limit and with special abilites you have to find with limited amounts. It would be fun to fly around and cruise the city but with the time limit you would run out before you get anywhere. Even if this game was a buck it's so bad it couldn't even be a novelty. People who know this game might even make fun of you. Anyways I don't think there will ever be a good superman game it's sad.
Fly threw rings and pick up cars...this game is an insult and should be shoved up the developers anus.
Bad games happen all the time, but only the worst of the worst are talked about years after their release. Superman 64 is just one of those games. Receiving no positive reception when it was released in '99, it is a laughing joke and quite a disgrace to the Man of Steel. This looks like a job for...a hammer to smash the cartridge with.GRAPHICS: Bad, even for its time. Blocky characters compiled with glitches in movement and glitches in general. The town is full of 'kryptonite fog', which is just an excuse for the lack of perception in the town. Simply inexcusable.MUSIC: The same repetitive tunes, over and over and over and over...STORY: How long did it take for Titus to think of this epic story. Pretty much, Lex Luthor traps Superman's friends in a virtual world, and for some reason, Superman flies through rings and saves virtual people on his way to finding them.CONTROLS: I once recall someone on Gamefaqs saying that Superman controls like a 500 pound man on drugs. That's an understatement. Taking off and flying requires lots of work, while Superman himself steers like a drunk driver.GAMEPLAY: Before starting a stage, you have to start a series of awful missions. For some reason, Superman flies through rings, rings, and more rings, and this is quite difficult with the godawful controls. After that, Superman does odd missions such as saving people from cars, beating shadows, or stopping tornadoes with his ice breath. Note that all of this is virtual, so why is he bothering to save them? Then after that, he flies through more rings, does a mission, more rings, and eventually the level begins. The levels themselves are terrible as well, filled with glitches and the fact that Superman is super weak. He is the Man of Steel, yet an explosion is enough to kill him. After the level is completed, the whole cycle starts all over again. As with all Titus games, to fully complete it you must play on the hardest difficulty, which is just plain stupid.BUY: No! Stay away at all costs and don't let it corrupt your N64. Well, if you are interested, get it on an emulator, because even paying a dollar for this game is asking too much.
This is one of the worst games of all time.  I remember playing this as a kid and just kept sucking at it.  When I was a kid, I didn't understand a game could be bad and simply thought I was doing something wrong and kept playing until I finally accepted this game is awful.  The control in this game is really bad, especially during the ring stages.  You'll just fly all over the place.  The first instinct for such terrible control is to move slowly, but you have a time limit, so you don't have time to move slowly.  When I got to a point where I could fight, it was like a maze and had no idea where to go.  The ONLY reason anyone should buy this game is for game collecting only, and even then, they should save this when they are scraping the bottom of the barrel.
Nintendo power voted it the worst game everGamestop and spot hate itI was unfortunate enough to stumble upon this game at my local video store. I thought "superman, I'll have to try that". I have never seen a game more deserving of the following: THIS IS THE WORST GAME EVER! IT DESERVES TO BE BURNED!!! IT IS A DISGRACE TO INTELLIGENT BEINGS EVERYWHERE! MAKIND SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF ITS POOR ABILITY TO CREATE GAMES! IT IS UTTERLY POINTLESS! IT MAKES SOUTH PARK LOOK LIKE SHAKESPEARE! IT MAKES ALIEN HOMINID SEEM EASY AND SOPHISTICATED!Somewhere far, far away, Superman weeps.
I recieved this game for one of my birthday's many years ago. At first I was excited...but when I played it...oh boy. The Graphics were horrible, too rough and generic. To make matters worse, they looked like cheap cartoon drawings.The missions were dull. Your first mission is to fly though magical rings. The Story is even worse, you have to save random civilians using various powers. The levels keep jumping, so your never in the same place.The multiplayer was kinda fun, but it gets dull fast. Basicly, it shifts to fps and you shoot other people for points. other than that, this is probably the worst game I have ever played. Don't buy this game...rent it at most..or borrow it.
I could go on and on, but look, it is really very simple. It's hard to believe Titus could have screwed up this game so badly. They should be ashamed of themselves for releasing it.So to all, always PRONTO pay attention to mister number one best sheriff student's idiotic post (i love you sophisticated people who drop the f bomb and think you are cool...White Trash that sums you up :) have a nice dayAnd don't forget, you hafta agree with me at all times, click on the YES button under my review, obey me, everything that has to do with good things of me
This game does not, in fact, star Superman. It stars his genetically engineered clone created by Lexcorp known as Stuporman. Stuporman staggers like a drunken person, relies on power-ups for super powers, pulls punches so enemies beat him, likes random time limits (including ones that lead to an instant game over), can pass through solid objects like they aren't even there, and can die from things that cannot hurt the real man of steel in a million years, like ordinary bullets and explosions. He was created for the sole purpose of ruining Superman's reputation by making him look pathetic and weak. All part of Lex Luthor's evil plan! If you love Superman, don't buy this game, or you'll be buying into a lie!
When I heard Nintendo was coming out with superman I got all excited, then they delayed the release date, which usually means the game is going under even more improvements.  When I bought Superman I sped all the way home, turned off my phone and sat in my chair.  To my suprise, this game is not worth the plastic it's made of.  I don't even have one good thing to say about it.  I was extremely disappointed.  Superman used to be cool.
I didn't even play this game and I don't own an N64, but because there are so many bad reviews I will just give this game another bad review so people won't buy it since it's supposed to be the WORST GAME EVER.
In "Kill Bill: Vol. 2", David Carradine described Superman as follows, "Not a very good comic; not particularly well-drawn."  Well, I suppose if Caine from Kung Fu is talking about this character, then the game must be cool too, right?  It's been almost 10 years since Titus released the most unorthodox game to ever grace our solar system.  It must be good, since we're still talking about all these years later.Seriously, there's a lot to like about SUPERMAN 64.  You won't need any sort of defect warranty, because the second you flip the POWER switch, it works every time.  It's refreshing to buy an electronic device, knowing that it's electrical circuits will never fail you.Equally cool is that Superman flies in this game...I like it when he flies.  Every time I pop in this cartridge, I'm even more eager to watch  the Christopher Reeve movies...all 4 of them.The plot is revealed to the gamer with great restraint.  You see, there are bizarre, murky images that even David Lynch or Stanley Kubrick wouldn't be able to visualize.  For example, Lois Lane and Jimmy Olsen are confined to, um...a blurry contraption that kidnaps them; or does it imprison them?  I personally couldn't tell if it was really Jimmy and Lois, because it's very hard for the gamer to completely understand the cutscenes.  But isn't it neat to figure it out for yourself?  You see, because the graphics are so confusing and blurry, you get to keep playing again to unearth the game's secrets.  And don't worry about completing SUPERMAN 64 in a short period of time, either.  It's a tough game, and there are few games that equal its challenge.What's most remarkable is how the game also addresses Superman's emotional state.  I'm sure Kal-El struggles to use his powers properly; it's not easy for a near-invincible alien to do the right thing 24/7.  Titus has tackled this concept very faithfully.  You see, when Superman flies, he won't always do what the N64 Controller tells him to do.  A free-spirited main character...brilliant!Lastly, Superman's powers are present here.  He has his eye-lasers and wind/freeze breath.  That's always neat, huh?  But what's even more most fascinating is that The Man of Steel --- according to this game --- has the ability to manipulate the physical dimensions in which he exists.  He sometimes will be flying casually through the sky, and then have a sudden urge to fly through the buildings of Metropolis.  How cool is that?  On the other side of this spectrum, there are moments where Superman will get stuck in a wall or a drainage ditch......you know, I still haven't figured out how to beat those sections of the game.  I wonder, is there a higher power known only to Superman?  I ask, because Titus refuses to give us easy answers to this puzzling N64 entry.  The most gifted scientists, researchers, cryptologists, artists, and gamers will not be able to solve this enigma.SUPERMAN 64 is one of the most unforgettable and original experiences in all of gaming!*****THIS REVIEW WAS MEANT TO BE SARCASTIC AND SATIRICAL.  I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE IF YOU BUY THIS GAME!*****
This game was soooo bad, I took it immediately back to the game store where I got it from. I got it since I am a Superhero fan, but trust me, even if you are a diehard fan of Superman, resist the urge to purchase this game or trade for it or even accept it for free!!!!! This is one of those noway games that should be thrown in the microwave and have the molecules in it to be melted for good.When i first turned the game on, the people in the first level looked like an oil painting. And it is nearly impossible to fly through those rings!!! Miss one ring and words show up that say,"Lex wins" and you hear a really bad reproduction of baldy's laugh.I put two stars for this being a fun game because it is so much fun to laugh at!!! I wonder why DC let Titus make this horrific game!!!! 'sob'
What what game I'm describing.  It's old, it's puzzling, and it's a blockbuster game.  It's, you guessed it, Myst.  And that is probably the easiest puzzle you'll get concerning Myst, too.  Since it is a popular game  that was released a quite a long time ago, you've probably heard of it by  now.  I'll just say this one thing:  If you're deaf or impatient, AVOID.  There is a puzzle that involves matching piano tones...heck, even if you're  NOT deaf, it's still quite a puzzler!  But don't fret...you can beat this  game in FIVE MINUTES if you know how, and it can be found in the many game  walk-throughs of the Internet.  After all, with the difficulty of THESE  puzzles, rest assured, you'll be looking for one!
I can see why this game was so hyped in 1993.  CD-ROMs were cutting edge and the "slideshow" graphics are fairly good and so is the sound.  However, the story isn't as interesting as the ambiance would have you think and the movement is absolutely, irritatingly choppy.I don't believe anyone has ever finished this game without some help.  There is too much slow clicking around and backtracking to keep the attention of even the dullest person.I don't like having to resort to hints in order to play a game because it's released before the necessary technology is truely ready.REALmyst?...I no longer care. Riven and Myst3?...even more clue-less and annoying, I'm sure.
This game continues to haunt my memories as an irritation because of it's length and puzzles, which usually amounted to no more than treading back and forth across the island of Myst.  While the environments were increadibly beautiful, they fail to make up for the miserable gameplay, which has you go to one place at least 5 times to solve five different puzzles.  The story is intruiging, yet the game's ending fails to please the player, since, you'll discover shortly after completing it, it could be completed in a matter of minutes.A good game for 10 to 20 dollars, but you shouldn't spend more than that on this weekend game.
Once again we have an example of an Amazon vendor claiming one thing and delivering something else.This CD-ROM did not even come in a protective plastic jacket. I suppose little Tommy's parents wouldn't give him the money to purchase one so he could completely fool the Amazon Dupe customer that he paid good money for a legal copy.
Others have commented on the richness of the sound score, the sumptuousness of the graphics, and the immersion the puzzles provide for you.  All true.  But I find people's devotion to Riven and its predecessor  a bit overblown.There are design faults here that should be pointed  out.  The 'slide-show' effect when moving probably does allow sufficient  computer memory for photo-realism while standing still, but it compromises  the realism that the producers were otherwise attempting.  Besides that,  it's simply annoying.  Some have said that it adds a certain elegance to  movement throughout the game, but I don't like seeing my surroundings  'melt' away as I move through them. Nor do I like sterile, empty  environments.  Oh sure, it all adds to the 'creepy' vibe the producers were  hoping for, but a universe which is largely uninhabited is mighty boring  after a few hours.  I wanted wayyyyy more interaction with people than I  got here.I also wanted to understand why I was doing what I was doing.  Oh I could solve the puzzles, given gobs of time and guesswork, but at the  end I found the plot rather too spare for the amount of work invested.  If  I'm going to spend weeks solving puzzles, I better understand more at the  end of the story than at the beginning.  I'm not altogether sure that  happens here.  The universe here, for all of its graphical excellence,  left me hungry for more.  Clearly, this is an entertainment crafted by  fine artists rather than fine writers.  If you're happy with that  orientation, you'll be overjoyed with the final product.  But if, like me,  you want a game to surround you with an active, vibrant plot revealed by  characters of substance, Riven isn't much of an adventure.
not worth 10 cents, graphics are very poor for nintendo 64 The game is very tedious finding pass cards in every level to open doors gets old very quick. The aliens also dont put up a fight just there to die. Co op would be a nice feature but it is the same maps and bots running in circles is boring. After level 2 there seams to be missing the yellow card looked every where and my friend and i could not find it. A much better version of this is availible on the ps1 . definately dont waste any money on this game, it down right sucks
Oh, here they come! Can you hear it? The wimpy cries of the thousands and thousands of fanboys and fangirls of this failure of an RPG! I can certainly hear them, because I've been listening to them for the past few years. I will admit, I was excited to play this game at first, seeing as I never played it before Christmas of 2008...but honestly, I wish I had never played it at all. Why? Well, stick around, sit back, shut up and read.STORY: 2/10Atrocious. Simply atrocious. You start the game as an ex-SOLDIER named Cloud (default name, seeing as you have the option to name your main character), who is currently an employed gun for a resistance group called AVALANCHE. Why these groups and names have big, capital letters for seemingly no reason is beyond me, seeing as they don't stand for anything. Along the way, you'll meet and greet a number of people who have nothing to do with what you'll be doing in the current area you're in, get pissed off with the inability to comprehend even the slightest bit of dialogue spitting from the mouths of these characters, and finally come to the climax of the game, facing yet ANOTHER completely overrated villain in a battle that will last about thirty minutes...but not because it's hard. It's not. I have so many problems with this game's story...okay, I have a lot of problems with this game PERIOD. You get a total of 9 characters in your party, and guess what? Seven of them have absolutely NOTHING to do with the main storyline whatsoever! The only reason they exist is for party-filling, seeing as they completely blew away any resemblance of a cast and crew of characters that actually mean something to...well, ANYTHING. Two of them you don't even technically have to get in your party to begin with! You can literally beat the entire game--all 13-17 hours of it--with the drooling retards you pick up along the way. The game is so stale and boring in terms of taking your hand and walking you through the story, and everywhere you turn, you can see something you can bitch about for hours. Party members included.GAMEPLAY: 1/10Same thing as every other Final Fantasy game released before its time. There's seriously nothing revolutionary about this game. It's the same boring, lazy turn-based system you're used to, except they actually find ways to make it even less enjoyable. The movement of the battles themselves feels and looks glitched, and every time you use an attack, skill, or spell, you'll be sitting there waiting for them to finish with your thumb up your ass. Oh, and if you plan on summoning a powerful magic creature from the Summon materia...well, I certainly hope you stocked up on food, drinks, and toilet paper; you'll be sitting there staring at the atrociously-long summon animations for the next hour and a half before you can even make your next move.PRESENTATION: 0/10What are you talking about? This game is CLEARLY not even finished. Do you know how many glitches, bugs, and excruciating errors I found while playing this game? Hundreds. The sickest part? I didn't go out of my way to find them. They came to me. The character models look ridiculous, nobody has anything interesting to say no matter where you are in the game, the battles are boring and unworthy to the franchise's name, and you'll be lucky if you can even make it to the end without exploiting a glitch or two. Or ten. Not only that, but the game is WAY too easy. I literally played through the entire game--story and all--in less than 20 hours. In that time, I never once died or even lost a member of my party (if you're not counting Aeris, seeing as she dies in a cutscene). And hey, if you're having trouble with something, just exploit one of the hundreds of glitches in this game to allow yourself the ability to walk through walls, gain infinite money and items, level your entire party up to 99 in a single fight, deal millions of damage to an enemy with a single hit, or even reset every single in-game switch so you can replay absolutely everything in the game over again with all the stats, items, and equipment you already have. But seriously, who the hell would play through THIS monstrosity anything more than once? This unfinished, broken piece of cow dung is not worth the time.SOUNDTRACK: 0/10What soundtrack? It's just a bunch of clicks, screeches, and otherwise infuriating sounds. It's not music. It's a collaboration of anger-inducing noises that will have your TV muted in less than thirty seconds, or your money back! GUARANTEED!OVERALL RATING: 1/10This game is even lucky I can give it the rating I did. It's especially lucky that Amazon.com's ability to rate its products only comes in five stars. If it was a standard 1-10 rating, I'd hack my computer to give it less than .5/10, seeing as I can't stand this absolute travesty of a video game. It's a downright abomination to the world, and a big slap to the face of anybody who was seriously into Final Fantasy, like myself. I'm glad I didn't play this game until years after it came out. If I had played it back then, I probably would have been just like all of the other sniveling fanboys and girls and considered it the greatest game of all time. You can't rate a game based on how well it sold, and you can't rate a game depending on the graphics. Why? Because both of those factors are meaningless when it comes to a true review. I strongly recommend that anybody who is interested in buying this game should steer WAY clear of it; it is not worth even the effort to post a picture of it here on Amazon. It's not worth a penny out of your pocket.
oh hey those pixelated shemales are gonna save the world over 701251709 hours of boring gameplay! this game super mega dumb.
Are you joking. This is by far the WORST final fantasy in my opinion. Man, are you guys even trying anymore?  I looked at final fantasy x-2 and rented it and gosh, you cant even make a good game out of that.Man..bad graphics, horrible gameplay, sucky battle system, hard to understand, VERY difficult to get into it, too confusing, dumbxxx characters like cloud, hes the worst.(except sephiroth), sometimes too long of cutscenes, boring cutscenes, you can barely see their eyes &amp; mouth, etc. etc. etc. etc. times a million.I hate this game.
everyone did love this game I just didn't like it I'm not a huge turn base RPG fan if I where though this would be a fun game it was enjoyable but very long
I'd like to preface my review by saying I had heard A LOT about this game. The main character, Cloud, is pretty famous and pops up in a variety of games (like Kingdom Hearts) so I was really interested in trying it out. That, coupled with the high reviews on gaming sites like IGN, which quotes that FFVII is "The RPG by which all others are to be measured, FFVII is a cinematic wonder" had me thrilled to try this out. For some perspective, IGN quotes my favorite game of all time, Zelda Ocarina of Time, as "IGN64 reviews the biggest game of the decade. Does Zelda 64 live up to the hype?" I never owned a PS until the PS2 & PS3, so I was stoked to see this title come out on the PS network for $9.99.Now that you know a little bit about what I was expecting from this game, I'll provide a little bit about my gaming style/history before I go into the game review. I'm a huge RPG fan, and I like a variety of games in that style (turn-based, timer, real time strategy, action). I've played a few FF games (III, X, Tactics, Tactics II), and I liked them all, except for X, which I found to be a little too easy, albeit very pretty. I also really enjoy the Dragon Quest games. I've been into video games since I was 5, and apart for a work-induced stint of abstinence in college, I still enjoy video games when time permits.As soon as I started playing this game I kept telling myself, it must get better. It's just a slow start, surely the story picks up? I pushed on for a few hours, going through Clouds background story and getting an idea of the main story arch before I finally gave it up as a bad job. I'm glad I only spent $9.99 to try this game out, and not $100+.Graphics:I'm not sure what IGN is talking about, but these graphic are terrible. Yes, I know the game is from 1997, but Zelda OCT came out in 1998 and it's graphics have held up to the test of time much better. Although the PS and N64 (pre-graphics expansion) are supposed to be comparable, a PS example of an older game with much better graphics is Chrono Cross (1999 PS). The majority of the background for FFVII is a muddy brown that looks sort of like mulch. Also, since it was being released on the PS network, Sony and Square Enix could have taken the time to revamp the graphics (like Nintendo did for OCT on the Game Cube) instead of releasing a game whose graphics are so bad I get a bit of a headache on the newer TVs. Maybe it would look better on an old TV? Who knows. The cut scenes have slightly better graphics, which are almost comparable to Zelda OCT's in game graphics.Story:I wasn't really impressed by it, although it it's an interesting concept. I've done my best to be vague in this section so that potential buyers won't have the story spoiled for them.GOOD/Unique:When you boil it down, you are basically fighting as an eco-terrorist, and that's an interesting concept.BAD:The character integration into the story is very poor. When you look at all the character's background stories, it doesn't make sense that they are all working together. If the game spent more time with them discussing WHY they have their common goal of being ECO-terrorists it would fit better. Aside from the fact that they are all eco-terrorists who live in the same beat down community, they really have nothing in common.I did not like the characters I had been introduced to, before I quite playing. Cloud is incredibly angsty and self-centered in the beginning, and I found all the social scenes centered on him to be unpleasant. His friendship with Tifa doesn't make much sense to me either. Tifa is a sweet person, and portrayed as kind-hearted, yet she seems to be obsessed with Cloud who is nothing like her emotionally. Barret, um, can we say racist? Barret, the only black person in the game, consistently beats his chest like a gorilla. Yes, let's make the black person look and act like a gorilla.Gameplay:Mediocre.This is the most important part for some people, although I tend to find the story to be nearly as important. For me, if the story is bad, it would take phenomenal game play to keep me engaged in the game. The game play here was average, it has a pretty typical timer set-up, nothing to write home about. I'm not sure if this game invented timer play, if so Kudos to Square Enix. The timer play did make the beginning more interesting in that you were literally thrown into the game with no instructions, so it took a little while to get a hang of the game play. Once I figured out the game play though (~1hr of game time, most of which is scenes) I quickly grew tired of this game.Summary:This game has average game play, terrible story, horrific graphics even for a late 90's game, and pretty pathetic characters. I played for 3-4 hours and then gave up on it. My free time is limited, and I don't waste time on games that aren't fun because "they might get better." Maybe FFVII really picks up in hour 4. All I know is that I was very disappointed in the game, and I'm quite incredulous about the higher reviews here on Amazon and on other gaming sites.UPDATE:Barrett - when Cloud is introduced to headquarters, Barrett beats on his chest like a gorilla which I found to be a poor choice for the only black character in the game to be doing. However, his overall portrayal may not be that racist, as I only played for 4 hours and many claim he is treated better in the later game.Despite the comments and emails I've gotten about this review, I still leave it as 1-star. Without the nostalgia goggles I didn't enjoy the story, the graphics, the gameplay, or the characters.
For years now,gamers have said that this is one of the greatest games ever made.I just don't understand why they think that is.Even for it's time,it was pretty dull and boring in my opinion.I remember dropping 50 bucks on this game when it first came out back in 1997,and being very dissapointed with it.The main problems I have with this game are the graphics(except the cinematics),the gameplay and some other elements.One of the main things that I hated about FF7 is,there is absolutley NO speech in this game at all.You have to read everything that the characters are saying.It gets very iratating VERY fast.All you do is read,read,read...and read some more.The combat system is way beyond confusing.It's all about they hit you,then you hit them,then they hit you with a strong attack and almost or completly kill you.The only good thing I can say about this game,is the cineamatics are beautiful.They are very nice to watch,but the characters and surrounding areas are very blocky looking...Overall,I give FF7 a two.
When I first bought my PS2, I got FF10, FF9, and FF7.  That was back in 2002.  FF10 & FF9 I liked. Good stories & loveable characters.  But FF7 was a drag.Then I saw all the positive reviews ("best game ever"), so I decided to give FF7 a second playing in 2004, to impress me.  But I still did not like it.  IMHO the major flaw is that FF7 has too many "dry" sections where you fight-fight-fight and almost nothing happens storywise (example - climbing the 100-floor building of your enemy -or- the dumb section where you waste an hour finding a dress).  In some sections, literally hours pass by with no story... it feels like a step backwards to the near-nonexistent stories of the original nintendo..Also the Battle Engine - totally unbalanced.  A good RPG will provide balance between physical & magical attacks, so they are near-equal.  A good RPG will make each character unique with specific skills & weaknesses (like real people-some are fighters; others are healers). Not so FF7:- it's all magic... physical attacks are worthless (about 1/4 the damage)- and the characters are completely interchangeable. You can equip Fire3 to your man & Heal3 to your girl.  And then the next battle, completely flip it around, so the man is the healer & the girl is the killer.  And then flip it again!  No individuality. Each character is identical.  Plus *instant learning* and instant forgetting... not realistic at all..Also, the story, while good, is poorly executed.  It basically boils down to a meteor poisoning the planet's "health" - very simple concept - but the writer dances around & adds un-necessary complication.  He takes 2+2 = 4 and turns it into 1-5+4-6+2-1+7-2 = 4.  That's why so many gamers go, "Huh? What just happened?"  It was a good story, but a lousy script.Overall, FF7 is one of the weakest games in the FF series (inferior to the other PS1 game-FF9, super nintendo games FF4, FF5, FF6, even inferior to FF10.
I got the PC version of this game and its A far cry from the others in the NFS series. The graphics are horrid, the cars are weird not more normal cars like the ferraris or jaguars in the other need for speeds. The cars are hard to control, its way to easy to spin out and crash. The menu controls are hard to use to, for instance most of the options dont have A pull-down menu you have to cycle through all the options. If you want great racing get Need for Speed 3, High Stakes, or Porsche Unleashed.
If you want a game that you can master in 5 mins with any character then POWER STONE IS IT. I beat the game as I got it once I discovered "the formula"...I'll list the pros and cons to give you a fair rundownPros1) Characters are unique and fun with personality, i.e. personal story, ending etc (missing from PS2)2) Backrounds are the BOSS and fully interactive3) The moves and effects are radical (King Capcom shines here)4) Fast action5) Cool Japanese voicesCons1) One dimensional fighting sucks as a 3D fighting game!!2) Weapons make no sense once you know the formula! They just slow you down and make you a prime target for the formula!!OverallOverall this is a DISAPPOINTING attempt at a fighting game. The concept is good but the fighting engine is flawed. Powerstone 2 got it right and is a blast, read my review!
The Resident Evil series has been on a steady decline since the first game came out in the mid-90's.  It seems that they make these games harder and harder than they should be and Code Veronica is no exception.  It's not the simplistic puzzles that make the game difficult, rather, it's the lack of ammo and healing items that make what what should be easy battles far more difficult than they should be.Why do some zombies take more bullets than others?  Why do zombies respawn in some areas?  What's up with all the backtracking in this game?  You're still forced to use the stupid typewriter ribbons to SAVE?  These are some of the questions you'll ask yourself when you play the Code Veronica.  Has the series evolved?  If you get past the improved graphics, the answer is NO.  The control is just as sloppy as it was in RE1, albeit with a quick turnaround feature and a new two-handed gun mode (you burn through bullets faster this way).  A great deal of prior planning and trial and error is required, which may have been good back when the series was young, but it has simply gotten to be tedious today.Even the soundtrack is pretty forgettable!  The game has a rather cartoonish look to it...could have looked more realistic but then again, the Dreamcast isn't exactly a graphics powerhouse.  My suggestion...don't buy it.  Granted, I've owned this game for quite some time and those who are new to DC may have heard great things about CV, but trust me, this is a BORING game!  Get Shenmue instead as that game simply plays better and has a better story!
If you like the original Resident Evil you will probably like this one for the most part. However, I liked the original Resident Evil, but found: Code Veronica extremely annoying.The annoying part has nothing to do with the game itself. The puzzles are a bit bothersome at times, but nothing to complain about. The graphics aren't bad and the story line works pretty well.The BIG problem I have with the game is the play control. The editorial comment says &quot;less than perfect controls&quot;, well that is an understatement. You have to hold down the right trigger to use your weapons, this makes firing while running and firing while retreating overly complex. Moreover, you have to go into the menu screen every time you want to pick up or use an item. There just had to be a better way.Most of the time I would say that the play control only diminishes the fun of the game, but doesn't ruin it. However, in this instance it does. The control sucks the fun out of the game just as the zombies do the blood out of your neck, while you are fumbling around with the controller. The game isn't very difficult, but the play control makes the game more work then it is worth.
Soul Calibur is a classic example of all icing and no cake! The game looks great and sounds great, but its too easy. The game that is supposed to be the game for &quot;die hard fighting fans&quot; is basically a walk in the park. The game is a button masher! I played the game and found that &quot;turtling up&quot; and waiting for the right time to attack or throw is all that it takes to succeed and it even works on the higher dificulty settings.My major gripe about the game is the dark and demonic story lines. No God fearing person should touch this &quot;demon sword wielding&quot; game (I began to discover the different plots after I played it). I'm not trying to sound like a fanatic but come on why all the demon intense plots in a generally evil game. What sick minds came up with this anyway?If the game had a better plot (one that involved some thought) then it would be a classic, but as it stands...no.
Plodding first-person shooter with tons of fog to conceal thegraphic weaknesses.  One-player missions are tedious.  Only redeemingfeature is to play the two-player game with other &quot;South Park&quot; fans, and then only if you've gotten the codes to unlock favorite characters.Even with friends, you'll tire of it in a day.
People, i wrote this review to warn whatever of you out there want to buy this game.This will make even the most die hard game fans throw their playstations out the window.The games has most of the characters(whoopie...)which are represented with sub bar graphics and pitifull level desighn amoungst other things.the games boring.I rented it and it literally got old after 5 minutes of gameplay.If there is one redemable factor about this game its that you can laugh at how utterly stupid it is.Avoid this nerf dung at all costs.
I played this on the N64 when I was a kid and it was funny and hilarious. The problem with that is... This isn't the N64. This Playstation version sucks! There's only about half the weapons and half the maps or the N64 version. This is more like a demo!
I simply find the game ordinary and boring. I really love the TV-show and was very much looking forward to the game.Man I was  dissapointed!There is nothing new in the game. It is simply an ordinary  shoot 'em up including the characters from South Park.Admitted: There  are a few funny features in the game, the cow-shooting gun, Mr. Hanky the  christmas Poo but even these things gets quite boring after a very short  while.My advise is: Enjoy the TV-show and use your playstation for  something else.
WWF Attitude, although a good game don't get me twisted, was not worth it on the Playstation because of the incredible loading time. ... Seriously, if you picked Owen Hart, Gangrel, Road Dogg or even Kane or the Undertaker, you had to wait atleast 2 sometimes exceeds of 3-4 minutes just to get a match started. And if you picked a hardcore or cage match, sometimes, you had to wait even longer.The trade off was truly not worth it for me because of that reason. Granted yes what you got on the Playstation version rather than the N64 version was better. PSone had more sounds, more create a wrestler options in the voice and music and some clothes. Because of PSone's memory capability, the game could have more and that was a definite plus over the 64.I will admit that once you got the match started on the PSone version, the game itself was faster than N64's version but still, anyone could appreciate not having to wait 5 Minutes to play a simple game. The controls can be a little challenging at first but once you get it, you're golden and you don't have to worry about a thing.For the game itself I will give a 4 star because it is still a fun game to play with your friends but because of the awful loading and wait time I give WWF Attitude a zero. ...
THIS IS ABSOLUTLY THE WORST WWE GAME EVER CREATED. THANK GOD FOR THQ. IF THQ CAME IN ALL THE WWE GAMES WOULD HAVE SUCKED REALLY BAD. DON'T RENT THIS GAME, DON'T BUY THIS GAME, DON'T EVEN ASK FOR IT. THE GAMEPLAY SUCKS, THE VOICE OVERS SUCK, CREATE A CHARACTER SUCKS. EVERYTHING FOR THIS GAME SUCKS. DON'T BUY IT.
Although I most confess that I did enjoy this game at first (At first, meaning from beginning to end), I was happy with big areas to explore, and really enjoyed the Nemesis (although it was no more different that that bald stalking guy of the inverted RE2) hunting you down, I most say this game is a fraud in what concerns story line structure, which on its own right, is the main mover of any story-based game.I'm going to simulate here the general structure RE3 (and RE2 and RE, although this is acceptable in the original game) follows: &quot;So, how did these creatures end up here? let's search the whole place while we try to get out of here. Look out! (Lots of guns, blood and guts follow) Wow Jill, that was close! Hey, he was supposed to be our friend! He turns out to be a traitor! Hey look, a secret lab within the main place, (House, Police Station, City or any other place of your fancy) let's check it out! Oh no, this is the truth behind the monsters! We most stop Umbrella. Darn! This place is about to explode, let us get out of here! Look out, a big mean monster! (More guns, blood and guts follow) Yeah! We did it! Our heroes escape a few seconds before the whole place blows up. Fin&quot; Wow, we have a new Resident Evil game here!My point here is: This game features the same story line structure of the past two games, only this time we get to play before and after RE2. That dirty trick was Capcom's strategy to make the game's storyline a little bit different and engrossing.I can't comment on Code Veronica, for I haven't played it yet, but I think I will do so when it gets out for the PS2, but for what I can see, the RE series is going down the drainage. I will consider Resident Evil 4 depending on many aspects. I might be playing this game (along with RE2) again when I get me a PS2, but surely, I won't touch it again in the near future.There is more to horror gaming than just guns, blood, guts and linear story line.
Resident evil 2, may i say, is one of the best games of all time.  So was re1, re0, and re code veronica.  But not resident evil 3.  First of all, whats with the difficulty mode?!!  U either put it on easy and it starts u with enough ammo to finish the rest of the game with, or u put it on hard and it makes it so u barely have enough.  But the worst part is the tyrant.  It chases u so u barely have a chance to explore.  It literally follows u through doors and into new areas constantly!  He's hard to kill and always comes back.  Plus he can kill u in one or two hits and is fast.  It takes away from the fun of the game.  Forget this game and try resident evil 2 or one of the others..... you will thank me later.
This is definetly a misleading title, it's more like Resident Evil 2.5.  I mean looking at the improvment between RE1 and RE2, this thing is more like  a side story.  In fact it should have been the third disc in RE2, then  there would be Jill, Claire, Leon.  I did enjoy nemesis, he certinely  scared the heck out of me every now and then, plus you have that added  preasure while playing the game that hes stalking your every move.  But I  mean come on, the story takes place at the same place at the same time,  when I firsted played the game I was like &quot;Haven't I played this  before?&quot; The worst thing was the lack of story, after completeing both  Claire and Leon discs in RE2,  I was expecting more secrets &amp; lies with  the whole umbrella conspisy, and a rule of a trilogy is going back to the  begining (Jill) and finding out something that wasn't true in the first  place, but I didn't get diddly squat.  And the whole thing just got  repetitive without the story to drive me to find out what happens in the  end.  I really wish I had a Dreamcast so I could enjoy Code Veronica, the  true Resident Evil 3.
What the Resi series of games does, it does well - OTT Hollywood-style scares and genetically-mutated things that go Bump In The Night. RE 3 is no different, providing more of the same for fans who love it. It also boasts one or two gameplay improvements, but somehow can't quite get back to the glory days of the first 2 games in the series.The plot follows the heroine from the first game, Jill, 24 hours before and after the devastating outbreak of the T-Virus in RE 2. A novel concept, and one which Capcom surely intended to exploit fully. The inclusion of the Nemesis character, a Frankenstein-like monster who relentlessly pursues you from start to finish, is also a nice twist, adding much-neede dtension to the game whenever he makes an appearance. The menus and controls are also tweaked, most notably the inclusion of the 'Turn' and 'Dodge' features, which, if learned properly, add hugely to the gameplay.Graphically RE 3 is as good as RE 2. It's as detailed, and lush as before. The intro is strangely disappointing, being lo-res and choppily animated - the PlayStation 1's power is being overused. The sound is good, though, and the gameplay is the best possible version of an imperfect control system.The problems with RE 3 lie mainly in the game's production. It's nigh-on impossible to keep track of yourself for the first thirty minutes or so, and the map for this portion of the game is difficult to spot. The baddies are souped-up versions from the previous games and are actually too difficult to kill initially. You waste precious ammo and health packs before you realise that you can take multiple paths. Also, Nemesis, though an excellent inclusion, is again too intense for the early stages of the game, and more often than not you'll find yourself cursing Capcom while waiting for your game to reload after he's dispatched you. Again.As the game continues, you realise that the baddies have an unfair advantage over you, and you will end up running past the majority of them. The satisfaction of knowing a Zombie is cornered just isn't there anymore. You also miss out on some beautiful backdrops and vitally important clues becuase you're too busy avoiding some ridiculously over-populated area.A vast, sprawling game that does yield some rewards for die-hard fans, RE 3 is not a good way to introduce yourself to the series because of its unforgiving difficulty. The storyline may also confuse newcomers. If you're a fan who doesn't mind being confused and frustrated, then check it out. If not, wait for something better, like Code: Veronica, or anything in the Silent Hill series.
Back in 1996, Capcom introduced  both Japanese and Americans gamers a brand-new world of videogaming. Despite the rather awkward name of &quot;Resident Evil&quot;, which is just plain out laughable, the title has become a household name. This movie-like, horror series can be written down as a new genre of gaming, horror. Yeah, very few games caused gamers to devastatingly sob (Aeries' funeral in Final Fantasy VII), some games built mystery or suspense (Gray Fox's desperate attack and impressive dialogue in Metal Gear Solid), but Resident Evil led the player to leap in fright or frantically jitter. Capcom inserted blood-thirsty zombies as the adversary, and the player's fear as the biggest opposition. In a sense, it is a movie.  Useless to say, Resident Evil was among the titanic series that landed on the Sony PlayStation. The original game presented an amazing surface. However it suffered from terrible voice acting and a somewhat dull story. Capcom extremely went hard at work for their sequel. Powerful hype erupted when Resident Evil 2 was announced. Anxious gamers couldn't wait to get their grubby paws on a copy. Resident Evil 2 altered the gaming industry. Other home console companies decided to cash in while the genre was sizzling hot. Konami cashed in with Silent Hill. Survival/Adventure games went mainstream.  After RE2 respectfully lived, a third installment was introduced, this time hype was scarce. It came out too quickly and sources claimed the interface was going to be identical as the other two. Fearing the worst, the third installment seemed to be a horrible move for Capcom.  And is.  From the experience of the two Resident Evil games, the player may expect the &quot;scare moments.&quot; While playing on a big screen t.v., with surround sound, the volume almost reverberating the room, and a sudden pack of grunting zombies crashing out a window, I felt no fear. Amateurs to the Resident Evil series may have a chill ride their spine, but original fans will expect each scare attempt. Though few changes have been added, RE3 fails to take a leap over the original Resident Evil 2. In other words just imagine playing Resident Evil 2 but with more rooms and more puzzle solving.  RE2 is the strongest and most remembered in the series. When catching a glimpse of RE3, excitement was absent. RE3 seems it brought the entire series in shame. The story must take a new direction! Like taking a role of an umbrella agent, or the T-Virus spreading somewhere else than Racoon City. Nemesis, a ferocious, mean, bazooka- equipped devil who hunts the player, proves to be a pathetic antagonist and challenge.  The minigames granted after beating the game bring little life at the game's abrupt end. The slogan, &quot;if the Suspense doesn't kill you, then something else will,&quot; lives truly in the second game.
This was one of the first games i remember playing on the Playstation. So i wanted to replay it and i was very frustrated. I never finished the game back then and it was a big pain finishing it this time around. a lot of backtracking and poor inventory setup. I still think its one of the few titles for the playstation that you should give a try. I ordered it used and it came on time and i had no problem with the CD during gameplay.
I bought mine a year ago and i am very pleased with the system. It's graphics are great and it is a lot of fun to play. But the chances are that it will now be a dying system. With Sega getting out of the hardware side means that the customer base will not grow. While more and more PSX2 get into peoples homes the same cannot be said for the DC.  There maybe 70+ games still coming to the DC but as time goes on that number will deacrease. A company is not going to bother with so small a market and that is what the Dc will become.  Over the last few months I have seen DC games disappearing from the local stores as they decided to drop the line. The local video stores around me have dropped Dc. Tonight I found one stores entire DC gear including the systems they rented out up for sale. The DC section had been replaced with PSX2 games.  Sega will also be releasing games for the PSX2 and that alone should be saying alot for what Sega has in mind.  Sega has admited defeat and will leave those that supported it high and dry. The current price is very very good. But it is consol taking it's last breaths.  Was the PSX2 heaps better. I don't think so. Not from what I saw. I enjoy my DC immensly and played it for many many hours. But it's day is gone. The future is the PSX2. A shame really both for Sega and for those who bought into what they thought was a excellent alternative to the big dollar console's.  Because of this I personally will not buy Sega gear in the future.
Finally, Sega releases a video game system that rises above mediocrity!  Sega is famous for all kinds of failed (and embarrassing) video game consoles they brought to the world, but this time they actually "kind of" got it right with the Dreamcast.Unfortunately, Sega made a gigantic mistake that almost immediately brought down any chance of the Dreamcast becoming a success.  They chose to release the Dreamcast in late 1999.  Gaming fans vividly remember what happened to the Sega Saturn just a couple years before, and people weren't going to be fooled again.  This was now or never for Sega.  If the Dreamcast failed, Sega would be gone from the hardware market forever.The release date for the Dreamcast was getting closer and closer.  It was in September of 1999.  People were still very happy with their Playstation One because 1999 was one of Sony's highlights for spectacular and revolutionary gaming.  That wasn't the only thing going on.  Sony fans were also anticipating the release of the Playstation 2, which was guaranteed to become the dominant console thanks to the relentless power and popularity the Playstation One was responsible for.  It was during this time Sony was far and away the most powerful company in the video game business.  Sega saw trouble ahead but continued to move forward with the expected Dreamcast release date.Nintendo was also very much alive and in the big picture with the Gamecube.  Nintendo was content on making sure their fans would NOT be disappointed with the Gamecube the way they were with the N64.  Nintendo fans are loyal.  *Nothing* can knock out Nintendo.  Nintendo recognized their mistake with the N64 and knew they could make it right again.  They knew they could give the Playstation 2 a run for its money (and looking back, Nintendo did just that).And so, the release date for the Dreamcast arrived.  With Nintendo and Sony on top of their game, what would happen?  What would happen to Sega?  The Dreamcast would hit the market and... nothing.  No sound.  No noise.  So little was said about the Dreamcast on the release date that it was like Sega had died right then and there.  An eerie silence for a company that gave the world Sonic the Hedgehog.The Dreamcast failed because there were already more than enough successful gaming consoles on the market in 1999, and people didn't want the Dreamcast to interfere with the superior, soon-to-be-released Sony and Nintendo gaming systems.  Sega also failed because of their long, frustrating history of ripping people off with unsatisfactory video game systems (such as the Sega CD and Sega Saturn).  Sega would fool people into thinking they had something extraordinary in the works... only to end up not supporting it.  They had trouble supporting the video game consoles they created and would often leave people with failed attempts and false hopes.  Sega would always fall asleep on the job.  This would happen time and time again, with Sega hoping the brain-dead masses would buy their average, incomplete gaming consoles.  It's like the people who worked for Sega would always say "let's start something and not finish it".When Sega failed YET AGAIN with the Saturn, people finally couldn't TAKE anymore.  Anyone who was still a Sega fan by that point pretty much lost all hope.  Sega was now the enemy and they had to go.  A gaming console needs a giant selection of games, and unfortunately Sega only understood that ONE TIME in their lackluster history (with the Genesis).  Every other console they released only had a few classics to choose from among a bunch of average games.In the case of the Dreamcast, Sega tried to support it but it was too late.  Sony had defeated them.  Sony had defeated BOTH the Saturn and the Dreamcast with the overpowering success of the Playstation One.  Hard to believe but it's true: the Playstation One knocked out BOTH the Saturn and the Dreamcast  off the market, making both of those consoles nothing more than a disappointing memory for Sega fans.In 1999, Sega knew they wouldn't be able to compete with the Playstation 2, so they finally did the right thing in early 2001 by announcing that they would never again make another video game console.  Sega was DONE.  They admitted defeat.  That, my friends, made milions and millions of people very happy.  No more junk on the market.  That announcement was the best thing that could have happened, and if you happened to glance outside that day you would have noticed the sun smiling down on everyone.That meant no more arrogant Sega promotion.  I used to hate the way Sega would always promote their games by putting down Nintendo and Sony.  Now I can laugh at it.  Sega really thought they could trick people into buying their crappy games by constantly making fun of Nintendo and Sony.  Didn't work.  Nintendo and Sony fans are too smart and considerate for that immature nonsense.  I bet everyone responsible for the Playstation's creation were laughing in piles of money over the "fly, play thing, fly" commercial that Sega created in an attempt to make Sony look second-rate.  Ha!  That ugly, gray-colored box destroyed both the Saturn and the Dreamcast, and I hope Sega fans never forget it.It's almost 2007 and people are STILL talking about the Gamecube and Playstation 2.  Why?  Because they are successful video game consoles.  People will look back and REMEMBER them as successful consoles.  No one remembers that the Dreamcast tried to compete with them at one point.  People forgot the Dreamcast even EXISTED when the year 2002 came around.  Sega's video game consoles immediately became dated and forgettable once companies stopped making games for them.  If Sega had put less energy into putting down the competition and more energy into offering their customers *complete* and enjoyable gaming consoles, maybe they'd still be around today.  As it stands, they deserved to watch Nintendo and Sony destroy them.  Nintendo and Sony didn't have to stoop to dirty tactics to win over fans and the world is now a better place.With the release of Nintendo's new revolutionary Wii system coming to America this November, along with the Playstation 3, we don't have to laugh at Sega's silly attempt to compete only to end up being the laughing stock of the world.  Goodbye Sega.
Sega finally got it right with the Dreamcast despite the Nintendo knock off controllers.  This was Sega's last effort in the console wars but we all know how that turned out.  By Sega, makes so good games on Nintendo.
I bought the dreamcast with high hopes.Mostly because of Street fighter and sonic games.The only good games are Sonic Adventure 2 and Dead or Alive 2.Sega has made systems that all have failed.Like the recent Saturn.For the first couple of days its good.Cons:Very LoudNot may places to rent gamesNot many gamesNot many demo disksPros:Good GraphicsEasy ControlsEasy to hook upEasy to hall aroundOverall the dreamcast stinks.If your looking for a system with fair graphics,lots of games,good games,easy control i'd buy the playstation.
Sega does not even deserve a one star.  The only good games for Sega is Sonic te Hedgehog.  Sega announced the are making a deal with Nintendo to send Sonic to Nintendo.  Sega has decided to give up to the competition.  Finally.  They will now only make games.  I am happy for that.  I am a Nintendo Fan.  Zelda and Mario and I will be glad to see Soninc coming to Nintendo.  Dreamcast starting in February will drop ....  At the end of the year goodbye Sega.  Now our only compettioor is that damn Playstation and the Xbox will compete.  But Nintendo Rules
i thought this would be a good console, i was very very dissapointed!  it has very few good games, and the graphics arent all that i expected from it,i sold my DC and now i am waiting for the x box.
Let's sum up what is great about Dreamcast:  Sensational graphics (equal to PS2), great sound, good controller design and an excellent, although not outstanding, software line up.Now, what is so bad about the Dreamcast that I would rate it so low ------ Sega Corporation!!!If you haven't heard the announcement yet, Sega will not longer be making the Dreamcast console.  This means that the chances of many more great new titles being developed is low.  I am basing this statement from my experience with the Sega Saturn.  Once the Saturn production was stopped, only a handful of additional titles were released and very few stores stocked them.When I saw that Dreamcast was based on DirectX (the same programming API as Windows for the PC) I was very excited, because I was sure that there would be a flood of titles for the Dreamcast.  There are many more titles for Dreamcast but the flood of PC cross overs never materialized and the few that did come (Urban Chaos, Rainbow Six) were bad.Now Sega has given up on their console and wants to make software for other companies.  I believe that Sega owes it's gamers a little more loyalty than it has shown and I hope that the gaming community reacts by not purchasing Sega software for any platform.  My investment in a PS/1 was good for 5 years.  My Dreamcast lasted six months.  Goodbye Sega purchases forever.
This controller has to be one of the worst out on the market.  It has a horrible design, is made of cheap plastic, and to make matters worse, it's  also highly priced.  Don't even think about using it for games like Marvel  Vs. Capcom, because even casual play will break this controller.  If you're  serious about games, find an import controller made by another company.  Don't even bother with the other Dreamcast controllers out in America, they  are all just as bad, if not worse.
You know, sitting behind a computer screen, I'm glad no one can see the look of disappointment that appeared on my very face the minute I began playing Tekken 3. I am incredibly disappointed that after reading so many positive reviews claiming Tekken 3 to not only be a significant improvement over the previous two Tekken games, but also tagged "the ultimate tournament fighter" that the actual game would turn out to be *so* underwhelming.Tekken 3 really surprised me. But don't take that as a compliment. I went into Tekken 3 with hardly any experience with fighting games whatsoever. I took a break for 10 years with tournament fighters after all those lousy 2D Mortal Kombat games brought me to tears. Back then I figured "okay, either I don't like fighting games or maybe I just don't like the Mortal Kombat series". This was when Mortal Kombat 2 and 3 were popular on the Super NES and Genesis.A lot can change with a human being in 10 years. We grow older, we decide we want to learn about life and wonder where we came from, and we develop an apprecation for the things we have and the people who are in our lives. To put it simply, we're thankful to be alive and feel good. But in some situations, things can remain EXACTLY the same. All those extreme feelings of hatred returned to me immediately after only 5 minutes with Tekken 3. It was the exact same feeling of hopelessness I encountered with the Mortal Kombat series.I really have no idea what went wrong. No, not with the game, I mean, what went wrong with ME. Seeing as how I love watching people fight and kick butt on TV shows and movies, I figured it was only natural that the fighting style in the world of video games would appeal to me. Appeal to me a LOT. That was my assumption. But apparently it STILL hasn't happened. Tekken 3 was supposed to help me wash away all the bad memories of playing old Mortal Kombat games and give me a fresh start and hopefully help me develop an appreciation for the ever-popular genre of games known as "tournament fighters". Nope. It's really disappointing to me to find out that Tekken 3 is just as bad as the rest of the fighters I've played, and basically the same thing but with improved graphics, for that matter. All fighting games feel the same to me. It doesn't even matter if they are 2D or 3D fighters.Tekken 3, despite all the positive reviews, does NOT appeal to me whatsoever. The fighting is really clunky, and it seems each fighter delivers very basic and boring moves to each other. It's not interesting or inspiring at ALL to me. It's boring to watch, and even more boring to play. Why is it so much fun when they fight this way in movies but *not* interesting when it's time to do the same thing in a video game? I have no idea. If you want to pull off the really impressive looking moves in Tekken 3, you have to press a bunch of buttons on the controller in a really complicated way in order to complete a move that COULD have been made *much* easier with a very simple and quick sequence of buttons. Strong emphasis on the word "simple". Many moves actually require you to press the Circle button, and then jump over to the Square button. How is someone supposed to easily master this? Going from Circle to Square is NOT easy.You see, for each of the ten characters in the game, they have major power moves that are very important to master because these are the moves that are supposed to cause the most damage to an opponent. However, many of these moves are incredibly difficult and sophisticated to pull off, and this is a *really* bad thing because the company responsible for this game apparently doesn't understand the importance of making a fighting game easy to master for everyone, of all ages. That way, young and old people alike can appreciate the Tekken style.It really bothers me how ALL of the developers who release fighting games assume the player is automatically completely aware how to play the game. They assume this *every single time* they release a fighting game. Developers assume everyone who plays these kind of games will be able to understand them instantly. We're supposed to be gifted players when it comes to understanding how to successfully pull off any number of lengthy and devestating combos to our opponents. We're supposed to have enough time to press really awkward button combinations on the Playstation controller during a fast-paced and intense fighting match. Not just combos either- regular moves too. We're supposed to have enough patience to continue trying the same fight over and over as we die a million times and the frustration factor increases significantly, and we realize just how IMPOSSIBLE these kind of games are.Well, I have news for every developer out there: many of us have a really difficult time with games like this. Not everyone who plays fighting games should automatically be expected to be a skilled player. Not all of us hang out at local arcades wasting tons of quarters as we try and perfect our skills. Some of us are, you know, average "normal" gamers who just like to have fun. The developers of tournament fighters NEVER could understand this, and years later, they still can't understand what it's like to have fun. We shouldn't have to be a genius to play a fighting game. Not all of us can press the EXACT moves at the EXACT moment and win fights. Maybe one day a tournament fighter will be invented for a gaming console that will be specifically designed to be playable for people who struggle with them. Maybe one day...Other things I don't like about Tekken 3. Despite having excellent graphics, the music is a bunch of horrible, repetitive techno sounds that hardly make me feel compelled to continue playing the game. Oh, and by the way, even though the graphics are really a notch above the rest, there's absolutely no reason to jump with joy when looking at them. Since the fighting is just as basic and uninspiring as that of, oh I don't know, Killer Instinct (another terrible game) you quickly stop caring about how the game looks. In fact, I'd say the fighting engine is EXACTLY like that old Super Nintendo game Killer Instinct. Extremely uninteresting. When someone throws a punch, it's so boring to watch that you just don't care about it. That's what Tekken 3 is all about. Having a fighting engine that's so boring you don't even care if you win or lose.I'm disappointed. That's the only thing I can say at the moment. Maybe one day an easy tournament fighter will hit the market where the main purpose of the game is to have the computer opponents move along at a reasonable pace for all the normal people out there who constantly struggle with fighting games. A game that will give people the much needed time and patience to put a move on their opponent. A game where you aren't expected to hurry up just to deliver a simple move. Somehow, despite hundreds of tournament fighters that will eventually hit stores, I doubt this will ever happen. I will never buy another tournament fighter again. Ever.
If you want a basic hack and slash dungeon game, where the puzzles don't require much thought, then this game is for you.  If, however, you're looking for a game with character development and a good story line with  intricate details and subplots, then you probably won't enjoy this game  very much.  I've played all of the Might and Magic games, except for the  first two, and even the earlier M&amp;M games were better than this.The  quests and storyline are very cliche'.  Most of the skills you can train in  aren't very useful. I have a fighter with 7th level repair and she still  can't repair anything without breaking it.  Trade and armsmaster are  probably the most useful skills, as well as learning, which helps you level  faster.  One plus is that when you level, you can up your stats even if you  can't afford to train.A huge improvement would be if we could edit our  own levels and quests, but the game doesn't even include that.The  3D-graphics aren't too bad, once you get over the hilarious way the  characters look (imagine a Barbie or Ken doll crossed with Japanese  animation, and you'll get the idea.)Another plus is the hack and slash  portions of the game are addictive.  If only the plot was better.
I've played a lot of games in the past few years, and Dark Stone has to be one of the most boring games in the world. When it was new it did have it's halfway decent (although a little too cartoonish) graphics. But now that the game is a few years old, it cannot even claim that.A bad attempt at a slightly more complicated Diablo, this game just doesn't cut it.
I don't mind if the graphics aren't completely state of the art, but this was ridiculous.  Not only were the graphics terrible, but the rendering engine they used was pathetically slow and the effects were horrible.  I  ran this game on a P3-733Mhz with a DDR GeFORCE256 video card and could not  enjoy the game at any decent resolution because of the huge frame hits you  would receive depending upon where in the track you were.  Terrible.  Even  at high resolutions the cars and tracks looked pixellated and cartoonish.  I-76, which is many years older than this game has graphics which kill NS4.  I am unbelievably dissapointed.
To be quite honest, I found this to be the most tedious role-playing game I've ever played. The narrative sequences are ridiculously long, the graphics are mediocre, and the mechanics of controlling other characters in combat is poorly designed. I read a lot of good reviews of this game before I bought it, and I was terribly disappointed.
I really love platform games. I guess it is because I love to explore and make my way through those cool-looking worlds. And I have to tell you, Sonic Adventure's worlds look great. This was the very first 128 bit game I had played and boy, was I excited. The game really disappointed and annoyed me however.After playing through the game a bit, you will start to realize that after the fun action stages, you will begin a squence of boring and annoying cut-scenes (that you can't skip) that will drive you mad. Most of them involve sonic and Robotnik threatening each other, or just characters talking. Also, the characters will pause between almost every sentence. It takes forever for them to finish what they are saying, and you won't really care most of the time. Boring. If you make it through the cut-scenes, then you wander through the adventure stages, looking for the next action stage. Mainly by going to a red hint sphere that will say something like &quot;Have you searched the entire adventure stage yet?&quot;When you find another action stage, things will get a bit better, but only for a while. Some of the cool things you can do are snowboard, speed through a futuristic highway. Cool. But, then it is back to boredom and the annoying voices (especially tails.) If you are a real platfor fan, skip this one and get Rayman 2. It may not be super-fast, but it sure isn't boring. And it has better worlds and graphics.
Sonic Adventure is a game that tries to do way too much. There are six characters and only one (sonic) is decent. Most of the game is boring and the rest is usually to broken to be any fun.The Sonic level's, which should have been the entire game, are plagued with a broken camera (it was on crack, sometimes it would focus inside a wall) and bugs. The boss battles are way to easy, and when you started to pick up speed I felt like the game was playing itself (I tried to fail on the whale level and it was impossible). Plus the sonic story is super short. I didn't really like the other game stories.In the Tails levels you just replay the same levels as sonic but you can fly. The camera and bugs are even worse here.The E-102 Gamma levels are a super generic shoot-em up game.In Knuckles level's you search for gems in a map and is very tiresome.In Amy's level you pretty much just walk around and hit enemies with a hammer, it gets old very fast.I save the worst for last Big the cat. His levels are just a fishing mini-game. There's nothing special at all, just a boring fishing game, way to go sonic team.Most of Sonic adventure you play boring sub characters, and when you do get to play as sonic, it's too short and plagued with too bug to be any fun. This is by far the most overpraised Dreamcast game out there.
With all the great reviews, I thought I would give it a try.  Yeah, it's dated, but I expected that.  Some dated games are fun...I just didn't think this was one of them.  I played it for about 5 hours on "normal", which was enough time to learn the controls and understand the game play.  The map is difficult to read/understand.  The psychic abilities are okay, but switching to them takes a little time...enough time for the zombies or monkeys to kill you.  I found the interface a bit clunky.  I just couldn't get excited about this game or the story/narration.  I thought it was tedious, not fun.I was able to get this working on Windows XP Home SP3, but it took a little effort.If you need help, go to youtube and search for this video: hHg1cXfTUBcHe does a good job of explaining how to do it.Here it is in a nutshell:install the gamefind, download, and install SystemShock2_patch.exein the installation folder, rename sshock2.exe to sshock2.oldfind and download SystemShock2_xp_2000_fix.zipcopy the exe from the above zip file to the installation folderin the installation folderopen shock.cfg with notepadat the end of that file, on a separate line, add this: safe_texture_managersave and exit the fileWindows XP boot.ini changes (BE CAREFUL!)go to control panel, system, advanced, startup and recovery, settingsclick editadd the following line under the [operating system] section:multi(0)disk(0)rdisk(0)partition(1)\WINDOWS="Microsoft Windows XP - System Shock 2 Game" /noexecute=optin /fastdetect /numproc=1save the boot.ini filerebootwhen prompted, select the "Microsoft Windows XP - System Shock 2 Game" optionWindows boots like usualplay the gameAfter you play the game through to its ending, be sure to remove the "numproc=1" line that you added to boot.ini.Visit my Amazon Collections to see my 4-star and 5-star PC games:http://www.amazon.com/gp/customers/A12LH2100CKQO/collections
I've always been a Thief fan, especially Thief 1. I'd read about this game over the years, but never played it because I was busy playing other games. This game was developed by the same folks who made Thief, so I figured it had to be great.I rate it with one star because I cannot install it on an SD card and play it on my netbook which lacks a CD drive. Even after doing a full install, the game refuses to start without a disk in the non-existant drive. This is inexcusable because I *paid* for this game, while those who obtain it through other means are able to do the above.Once again, I (the honest customer) get shafted. I regret buying this game and I will never ever touch another EA-published product again. Thanks guys!To all the gamers, ask yourself this question: How will you play all of these games that require a CD in the drive to run when modern computers eventually stop using optical media? Oh, but I forgot, nobody is supposed to be playing games from a decade ago. We're all supposed to get the shiny title of the month!
Silent Hill in space and just about as annoying. I understand the tension that the developers were trying to create and they succeed but this is ridiculous.  Constantly low on ammo with weapons so defective the manufacturers would be promptly put out of business all the while being attacked by hordes of wrench wielding, regenerating zombies.  You aint gotta chance and thank heavens for cheats or I wouldn't be bothered.  If you could get it for under 10 bucks go for it and kill some time.  But I sure wouldn't spend the money that is being demanded on Amazon.
This is just like an arcade game you play at a bowling alley or something.  For those who like those kinds of games then maybe the game would work for you.  But I found this game extremely boring and no fun
This game was bought and rather farfetched. I hoped it would work and It doesn't play story mode at all. So I'm stuck in training mode and can only play the first training session. A shame.
Don't pay a penny for this, folks. Move on to an EA game. There is very little in the way of actual physics calculations between players in this game, every interaction is merely a scripted animation. RBs are stopped in full stride by shoestring tackles. WRs run their routes at half speed while the DBs shadow them *IN FRONT* of their routes. Offensive line programming is horrible. Guards and tackles blow assignments on EVERY play, doubling up on a DT and allowing LBs to come free and tackle the RB at the handoff. There is no player momentum, a flaw I've noticed in a number of Sega Sports games, meaning any player can stop in mid-stride and immediately run full stride in the opposite direction. Sit back and watch the computer play: 3and out, 3 and out, 3 and out... This was an incomplete game that should not have been released. So what if it looks pretty? It plays like crap.
I was very disappointed in this PC game.  It was boring.  Everything about the game was chance.  You have little control over what happens.  Game time is short and it is very likely you did not win anyway. It was a waste of my time.  If you really think you need this game - buy it used or at least a new one cheap.
Costing as much as fifty dollars new at the time, I nevertheless was suckered into buying two of these back in 1999 or so when I played my N64 a lot.The thing is insanely sensitive and easy to break.  The first stupid thing it does is in its use, you put the Gameshark into the slot, then stick the game up on top of it.  As with many cartridge game systems, it seems you need to wiggle it about, and position it just right just for it to work.  I remember spending several minutes during the last leg of my first Gameshark's life trying to adjust the game on top to be slightly lop-sided, because it simply would not work if I just pushed the cartridge down all the way, like it's supposed to.Of all the functions it has, half of them don't even work.  The function of basically making up new cheat codes based on gameplay regularly froze up games, and at worst, caused catastrophic damage to the Gameshark.  I remember one instance I tried to create a new cheat code, and ended up filling up my entire Gameshark's memory with useless information.  Almost none of the pre-set games and codes worked, names were screwed up with random characters and letters, and largely I had to just guess which code would do what for which game.The fifteen minute instructional VHS that came with the Gameshark was a hilarious joke---both VHS's had the little plastic tab on the bottom STILL INTACT!  If you still remember how VHS's work, this means ANYONE CAN RECORD OVER THE VHS IF THE PLASTIC TAB IS STILL INTACT!  I could literally have recorded gay porn over the VHS, packaged it with the Gameshark, sent it back for a refund, and they likely would have sent the VHS in a new package to be sold to someone else!Whatever benefits the Gameshark gives are simply not worth it in the long run.  It doesn't ruin your game permanently, but it ruins itself just fine.  There was never any justified reason for the way my two Gamesharks just simply broke down and stopped working.
A fun shoot 'm up, no less, and regrettably, no more. Fans of the board game, the series, or even the role- playing game will be in for a bit of a dissapointment.  The game  has few options besides &quot;click and shoot&quot;.  Still, I spent a fun few hrs playing it (and a lotta dlrs buying it).I hope we'll get a better, more extensive version soon.
This controller is an okay replacement for the original SNES controllers, but not as good. The reason why this controller is not as good as the original SNES controllers is because the buttons are not as sensitive to button presses unlike the original which have very sensitive buttons; the buttons after using them for several months or a little bit more start to sink down more inside the controller because the springs are not as strong as the ones in the original controllers are. In addition, they are made cheaper than the original controllers and are not as durable, so they will not last as long. My recommendation is to not buy these controllers and get refurbished original Super Nintendo controllers on (...) or the exact replica version because they use the same exact materials to make those controllers as Nintendo does for their controllers. The only difference is the exact replica's do not have the Nintendo logo on it. I got two refurbished original Super Nintendo controllers from that website and they work excellently and they will last for many years. And another thing about the New Port controllers, the first time you use them, the D-Pad buttons are rather stiff and eventually lossen up after using them for a while and become easier to use. A last warning about the controller, the down function on the D-Pad does not work very good, unlike on the original Super Nintendo cotrollers, the down function on the D-Pad works excellently.
I know what you're thinking... I need another controller. The generic can't be that bad, I might not like it, but I'll be able to play.No, you will not. You wll hate every minute of this.As others have said, the buttons are actually ok, but the d-pad will drive you insane. Rage quit-inducing. Don't bother, go out to your local retro store and pick up an actual, old SNES controller. The price will be well worth it. I've pretty much thrown this in the garbage, but I can't seem to bring myself to it for some reason, but it deserves it.
With a form-factor nearly identical to the original PlayStation  controllers (but minus the analog sticks of the &quot;Dual Shock&quot;  controller), this controller's obvious benefit is to owners of  &quot;Connectix Virtual Game Station&quot;, the PlayStaiton-on-Macintosh  emulator.  It's also handy for arcade-y titles and MacMAME, the emulator of  classic arcade video games.The one place Gravis makes a change is very  much for the worse -- the four separate directional buttons are replaced by  a single pivoting directional-pad.  As too often happens with designs like  this, the D-pad pushes two switches at once, and ALWAYS comes through as a  diagonal (eg, right + up, when you thought you were just pushing right).  The frequent inability to enter a true right, left, up, or down is annoying  in some games, particularly in navigating the menus of an RPG, and deadly  in others (PSX &quot;Asteroids&quot; is unplayable when rotating your ship  sometimes inadvertantly puts you into hyperspace, since that's what  &quot;up&quot; does).Also of note is the fact that this controller works  only with games written to use Apple's &quot;InputSprockets&quot;.  That's  true of most late 90's / early 2000's games, but not of some earlier titles  (&quot;Descent&quot;, which used to be bundled with Mac Performas, comes to  mind), and it's not clear if Sprockets will be supported in the upcoming  Mac OS X.That said, driver installation is easy and has been hassle-free  on my two iMacs and my iBook.  USB plug-and-play almost always works  without a snap, though I've found it's better to plug it in once the Finder  is up instead of during the boot cycle.If you play lots of Mac games  (and by the way... HOW?!), this is better than relying on mouse/keyboard  alone, but the D-pad problems are a major aggrivation.
This will get the job done on most games, however if you want to play games like Street Fighter or any other game that requires directional based special moves, you can forget it.Software on the site allows you to program special move buttons.The buttons are terrible.  They 'mush' down.  They are not springy as they should be.
On the face of things, &quot;X-Wing Alliance&quot; has the makings of an extraordinary entry into the Star Wars franchise.  The characters are engaging, with enough backstory given in the accompanying written material  to start a small movie.  Conveniently, there *is* actually a small movie  which opens the game off with a real narrative bang.  It makes one wish  that Lucas himself had taken a page from the game producers when he was  making _The Phantom Menace_.Unfortunately, after this high point, the  game soon degenerates into endless missions which advance the  plot--painfully slowly.  Oh, there are cool points along the way.  The cut  scenes are interesting, and the sound environment throughout the missions  is superb.  But the in-play graphics engine is fairly ordinary by  LucasArts' own standards.  The missions themselves are endless variations  on the same themes.  And the game's conclusion is less than satisfactory.But there's another side to the game--multiplayer action--and for this  the game deserves some praise.  As a vehicle for capturing the gaming  possibilities of the Net, &quot;X-wing&quot; is worth the purchase price.  There's a large, loyal player base for the whole &quot;X-wing&quot; series,  so you'll never be alone on the Net.Still, there are better options to  get what you want out of a Star Wars game.  &quot;Rogue Squadron&quot; is  an infinitely better single-player space game.  And the upcoming  &quot;Force Commander&quot; promises to be something of a new standard in  multiplayer action.  By comparison, &quot;X-wing Alliance&quot; merely  feels like a solid update to an aging series.
This is a very dissapointing system. Slow loading, Bad graphics, and terrible games. But it has a good controller.
As usual Interact accessories dissapoint. This Tremor Pak jumps too hard for what is taking place on screen and absolutely sucks. The slightest action on screen and it wants to jump out of you hand....not good at all. Instead of adding realism to a game it proves to ba an annoyance!AVOID AT ALL COST. Get the official Sega Jump pak instead
This thing does nothing but shake the heck out of your arms when you play. It is at times comical. It makes your controller rattle, you hear shaking noises, and feel like you are having some sort of seizure.This tremor pack thing will die off in my opinion. It will go the way of Robbie the Robot for the NES. Remember him? Neither does anybody else...It is an interesting idea, but it doesn't really enhance the games. Just because the controller shakes in your hands doesn't mean you feel like part of the game. In fact, with all the shaking, it might even disrupt your game play. You are much better off getting a visual VMU to put in the front slot, at least that enhances your gaming experience. I have this tremor pack and after playing with it for a few hours I took it out and haven't used it since. Don't waste your money on it. That is the best advice I can give.
Sure it was fun for the first hour then it died. I could never get the kids to stop vandalism. Riding the rollercoasters weren't fun at all. You want a theme park game get Rollercoaster tycoon. Rollercoaster tycoon not Rollercoaster tycoon 2, but I won't get into that. Where can I get a refund....?
I LOVED Theme Park and Theme Hospital, RCT is the best Sim game around so I had high hopes that Theme Park World (as its called in the UK) would go one step further.Basically this is a kiddies game. Its NOTHING like  Theme Park and your very limited to what you can do. There are fun rides  and the best part is walking round the park and going on your rides but you  dont have the same amount of control as in RCT.Its nice to look at  (although I didn't like the 3D style) and you need a good spec machine  otherwise expect jerkovision (or if you build too many rides). Theres only  4 parks/scenarios!  unlike RCT where there are loads plus an add on pack).  My nephew liked taking pictures of the park and emailing them but it has  taken a whole new view point into Sim games. This isn't a true Sim game  -  I think we need a bit of going back to basics here and seeing what makes a  Sim game. Just look at Theme Hospital and RCT. It also loses marks for  having the only online help assistant who is more annoying then the  MS-Office Paperclip one! (Luckily you can turn him off!)I stopped  playing it after a week. So will true Sim Fans. Bring on another RCT add on  pack!
Sim ThemePark was not what I saw coming. Right when I got it, I popped it into the CD-Rom on the computer. I was so excited! But then, the downside comes along. The installation takes forever. I had to try again to make it work. Then, it takes forever just to get into the game. And when I finally got into the game, the colors were all screwed up. Okay, so I messed with some hardware on the computer, but even after my mom fixed it, they still wouldn't work right!! And whenever I go into the game, it gets stuck right after I click &quot;quit&quot;. So I have to restart the computer completely. Since the day I first got this, this game has not seen the CD-Rom. At all. I am looking into Roller Coaster Tycoon, and am hoping that it will work much better than this. Thank you for reading my review!
I thought this game looked like it would be great-- but it turned out that it was boring, irritating, not to mention that it has bugs- my computer is almost brand new, and this game would crash every five minutes. A few months later I bought Roller Coaster Tycoon, and I became addicted to it- I LOVE it!  If you are interested in this game, I recommend that you buy Rollercoaster Tycoon instead, it's a lot more fun, and it doesn't have bugs- don't waste your money on Sim ThemePark!
Ok,I'm a HUGE fan of Sim-stuff ... I can't get over how clever they are, how real they play out, how absolutely consuming they can be.This product is not one of them.It's awkward, it's punchy, and buggy. It  restricts your creativity in a way that I've yet to experience in any other  Sim game. You are limited to two island scenarios to begin, and they are in  themes like Dinosaur, and Space Ship ... and they are VERY tiny -- not much  to work with.  Creative-wise, you are stuck with rides that are typical to  that particular theme -- IE: your park attendees bounce up and down on a  dinosaur's stomache as one of the rides. *shudder*I think the game is  ideal for children 10 and under. It's fun and quirky enough to entertain  them, but it's not what you'd typically expect, as an avid adult player,  from a Sim game.Try Roller Coaster Tycoon if you're an adult fan of  simulated amusement park game software (but even that gets a bit dull after  a while -- it's easy to win and repetitive).Or try The Sims, it's quite  entertaining, and very well put together.
This is the Worst Game i ever bought the first time i bought it there was a problem with it and then the 2nd time its was still broken and had a problem with it don't waste ur money on it its so not worth it i still have the game but i've never been able to use it since its so messed up
I guess you could say that this game was pretty much a dissappointment. I probably would have liked it more if I hadn't already bought Rollercoaster Tycoon (even though I'm not really a fan of that game, it's a LOT better than Sim Theme Park). I felt ripped off when I found out that there were only four theme parks to choose from, which made this a very short lasting game. Another major problem is - you can even build your own rides! Talk about cheap.Overall I give Sim Theme Park 2 stars, I gave the extra star because I probably would have liked it more if I got it before I got Rollercoaster Tycoon. Actually, this game is pretty good for all ages, it's just leaning a little more towards the younger kids, about I guess 6-12. If you want a game for older gamers, try Rollercoaster Tycoon. (I suggest that you just ditch the thought of buying a game about building amusement parks and get a game like The Sims or somehting).
Well there's a lot of ways this game could have been fun, IF only they had tried to put more into it, ok it says on the front box that you can chose from 4 different types of parks, In reality all the parks are the same,  just different animation, they all have a feris wheel, flying bird thing,  ect... The little talking advisor cannonball in the corner is insanely  inoying, and yet they make it so that you HAVE to have him to play the  game, other wise you'll not be able to get to problems in time. I mean are  programers IDIOTS?  Do they think that a little cannonball making bad  jokes and talking in the most annoying voice you have ever heard is what we  really want to have as an advisor? And why do they animate the kids and  everything in the cut sceens so unrealistic and stupid looking? In almost  every game programers feel that they need to make humans look as stupid as  possible, why? Its not funny, it demotes the animators intelegence. Anyways  the only thing thats really good about it is that you can ride your own  roller coasters, and you can turn the little cannonball guy off!  Although it will be harder to manage without him.
first in the series by blizzard. not something I would play nowadays but this was a very interesting rpg back in the day when I had been a gamer.
Hope you like backtracking cause you'll be doing that allot in this one. I bought this game at a yard sale for a buck$ and I still think I got ripped off. This game has no strategy, none. The controls suck, whatever happened to up, down, left, right? Guess the developers at Blizard entertainment thought that is just way to convenient. I have no clue on how this game got so many good reviews over the years. This game is for anyone under the age of 14 to like it. You can't just fight a boss head on, (like they do in games that were actually worth playing), no you have to run behind a door or somethin' and cast a spell until he's dead. ... Yeah, I know, as if a boss doesn't know on how to open a freakin' door. Another thing that got me was when your backtracking outside some kid just outside of this underground church that goes ten stories down. The kid has some info on a place or a location or somethin', he charges outrageous prices, like if you want a sword or somethin', it's $4689.  WTF! Ya know a nickle use to go a long way in the 1920's, this is like 1400's, Whats he fixin' to buy, a castle? I don't what my dollar back, I want the 8 hours I wasted my life on playing it.  So don't buy this game, no matter how little of a price they want it.
I REALLY DID NOT LIKE THIS GAME AT ALL! IT WAS WAY TOO FANTASY-BASED! DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF YOU LIKE GAMES THAT ARE EVEN SLIGHTLY REALISTIC!
In the exact sense of the word, the game cheated me. The suspense built up by the time you finish the third level culminates in one of the most shocking and innovative pieces of plot I have seen to date. What's the  problem? The remainder of the plot is a piteous attempt to bring the  innovation and tie it onto the &quot;and all was well&quot; ending.The  graphics are amazing, although there is way too much green, and you spent  less time in original-looking levels than in the &quot;normal&quot; ones.  Nevertheless, from the beginning, they look quite surreal and amazingly  life-like. More than that - they are aesthetic. The main character is  pretty much non-existent, snce he has no lines, and his only role in the  game is to capture monsters. The battle engine offers far too few choices,  since upgrading your character's equipment is nonsense (he rarely enters  actual combat), and you can't equip your monsters. Therefore, the game's  central and only concept is to go through level after level, capturing and  merging monsters. There's nothing more to the game. Oh, yes, there are  several original parts (you earn money by selling the captured monsters),  but they are too few.
Starcraft is one of the most annoying games ive ever played. Sure, terran  marines give u a little laugh now and then but the controls are  frustrating. You have to right click(why not the usual left-click?) to  select units and you cant deselect them. Building times are extremely long-  and so are the units. Gameplay on my PC is overall boring and slow( on a  Pentium II 400, voodoo3, 96mb RAM). I have only got up to the third terran  mission then finally gave up. And whats up by only controlling 12 units at  a time? The Command Conquer series lets you control all units you have on  screen.Starcraft's ingame graphics aren't that good, FMV qualty is terrible  and Battle.net gives you a pain in the a** because of its slow server and  few options. Westwood online gives the player more options and is also  faster. All in all, i say the command and conquer series is better - go  play tiberian sun or red alert or any other C&amp;C game - SC isnt worth  your time or money.
{YAWN} Very boring disapointing game. Terrible gameplay, graphics, bla bla bla. The cinematics run at an extremely slow frame rate. At least the music is kinda good. I don't recommend this for any god damn gamer. =[...
I recieved this older game quickly. But I was still playing the new Tomb Raider on PS3 and did not install it on y PC for a couple of weeks. I could not get this agme to work properly on my new computer. It loaded fine and background music worked but the graphics were .. hmm .. stone age looking. No matter how I tried to reconfigure my graphic card it would not adjust to be playable graphics. I deleted it from my computer. I gave it to my son to try and load on his slightly older system, but he hasn't tried to play yet because he is playing his new games. I will update and post what he says about his experience with it.
The game will not load on my Mac. The box says its supposed to. This was a very big disappointment. I was trying to get out of the shooter games.
Hey, maybe I'm doing something wrong but, I haven't been able to get this game to do much of anything... the graphics are poor for this day and age and the controls were even worse... I didn't play very long though, so it's not fair to say it truly [stinks]... Maybe I'll try it again and see if I missed something...
Even when this game first came out, it was fairly mediocre.  Let's move on, shall we?  There are many, many games that topple Half Life and Counter Strike released since 1998.Contrary to what the Amazon editorial had to say about this game, Half Life is not the bloodiest (Soldier of Fortune), is not the smartest (No One Lives Forever), and is not the scariest (System Shock 2 or Clive Barker's Undying).Half Life is a hypefest.
I loved the first two Gabriel Knight games ("Sins of the Father" and "The Beast Within"). They were creepy, well-researched, and had great atmosphere.Well, "Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned" had great potential -- Rennes-le-Chateau and vampires! Neat! But poor gameplay really squandered that potential.To give you an example of what I mean, one of the puzzles involves getting a vehicle so Gabriel can get from one place to another. A perfectly good motor scooter (I think; it's been a while) is available. But noooooo ... Gabriel refuses to ride something so wussy. He has to have a big motorcycle. So that's the puzzle -- getting the selfish jerk a motorcycle to ride.Let me get this straight. He's a detective trying to solve a case, but he's going to waste time finding a cooler ride?That was the point where I threw the game out the window, so I can't comment on how it ends, unfortunately. The voice acting was pretty lame; I don't know who told Tim Curry he could do a New Orleans accent, but he can't.Now that [the price has dropped], it's worth trying if you're really into Gabriel Knight. Otherwise, there are much better adventure games out there that are also dirt cheap. Try one of them.
On paper Hellfire seems like a great idea. Take a really good game, add a couple additional levels, quests, items and monsters, put in a couple of new classes, and bam: instant winner.Sadly that doesn't pan out in practice. Part of it is that the Hellfire design feels largely uninspired and lacks the cohesiveness, balance and ingenuity that went into original Diablo. In fact there are only two really good features in Hellfire. The first is the "Jog" toggle that allows your character to run in Tristram. Too bad it doesn't function in the dungeons. The second is the "Search" spell that helps you locate items on the ground. Unfortunately it's a spell, so you have to spend mana on it. Blizzard rolled up both these features in Diablo II in much improved form. As it stands they end up not benefiting Diablo very much.The rest of the additions are just mediocre or worse. The new character class is fun, but kinda unbalanced, and doesn't really add a lot of depth. Lots of stuff feels tacked on and has an inconsistent art style that doesn't match Diablo's polish. There aren't really a lot of new quests. One (of the two) new area is downright annoying. Some of the best features can only be enabled by editing a special file outside the game.The worst part of Hellfire is that playing it means making a tradeoff. It is not a seamless expansion to Diablo - it's almost like a separate game. Your Diablo characters aren't portable between Hellfire and the original game, so you have to roll new ones. And while Diablo went on to gain five more patches after Hellfire's release - Sierra only patched their game once... so Hellfire players have to contend with bugs long-fixed in Diablo. In addition to those bugs, Hellfire brings a set of its own, which never got resolved. Hellfire players can't (without hacking the game) play multiplayer. This expansion is not playable on Battle.net. The music in new areas is lacking, and because it isn't read from the CD, the game glitches whenever an item is picked up. The drop system is bugged out the wazoo, to where finding some of the new unique items is actually impossible.I would really recommend this one only to die-hard Diablo fans. Those without it are not missing out on anything. Sierra tried to pull it off but they just couldn't match that Blizzard standard set by the original game, and the new features aren't worth fighting the bugs and irritants brought on by this expansion.
The expansion was outsourced to Sierra Online and the quality from Diablo I was not maintained.The expansion does not really add anything: monsters seem out of touch, music, ending are nothing compared to the original. Skip this and go straight from Diablo to Diablo II which is another pure marvel.
This is a joke of a game. Let's see, a campaign can be finished in an hour. The AI makes you conclude that enemy fighter pilots have a deep vindictive nature (is mine the only plane in the sky?). All in all, this game is like a new level of computer chess--boring as hell, and yet somehow intelligently scripted [SCRIPTED]!
If a game doesn't hook me within the first half-hour then I'm just not going to see it through to the end. Homeworld just seemed like Age of Empires: In Space to me and the slow, confusing gameplay really got on my nerves. I know that this game has an Army of fans who will denounce my comments, but I simply could not get into it.Usually, I like space games and I was hoping that this would have a Star Trek-ish feel to it. I also quite the Wing Commander games and since it only cost me 99p then I thought I might as well give it a go. Call me shallow, but it didn't give me instant satisfaction and uninstalled it after only 45 minutes.
Well, I must say that I was really disappointed by this game! I got my hands on it as soon as it became avayable. Having played for interminable hours with the original Civilization game I had great expectations from  this title. In the end it really turned out to be one of the worst sequels  ever!The MAYOR SHORTFALLS ARE: 1- Game speed. By the time you reach the  space age you will not have been able to explore much of the world, and  will not have been able to build an army from a particular historical age.  Since the speed is so fast, by the time you have an army of, let's say  musketeers, you have already discovered planes and the nuclear bomb. THIS  IS VERY FRUSTRATING!  2- Units: Fewer than its predecessors and less  realistic. 3- The space age: It is only confusing and doesn't really help  to make the game interesting. 4- Unconventional units: You have now lawyers  and eco-warriors that work something like the spies in the original game.  In the end they end up beying only annoying and totally confusing! It would  have been better to add a more sound political and economic sistem to the  game and add a few varibles afterwards (i.e.: political movements and  private enterprise). 5- Customization: It is now impossible to customize  the game, like create new units as it was possible in CIV 2. I hate that!  6- Maps: Lacks a map of earth!  It used to be the only map I played on in  CIV 2!IMPROVEMENTS 1- Graphics: Way better than the predecessors. Too  bad that the other features in the game didn't get quite to the same level!  2- Soundtrack: Improved somehow. 3- Combat: A tactical display now allows  you to actually play battles. Nice idea to start with, but it is somehow  badly put to work and has some incredible bugs (like archers that shoot  down stealth bombers! ).My suggestion?  Wayt for a sequel or buy CIV 2!
Why didn't I just read the packaging and put it down. No, I had to go and buy it. I played Civ II once, Alpha Centauri two or three times, and now Call to Power... well, I didn't make it through the tutorial.One word...  ZZZZZZZZZZZ!
This game calls its civilizations &quot;races&quot; and has slavery as a prominet part of the game, but there is the abolition eventually. It does not feel like a successor to Civilization II. The wonders of the world are  all new, as is the technology tree. The interface is new, and you cannot  use a keyboard to move units. I did not care much for its supposedly  improved graphics over Civilization II, I did not see that much  improvement, and by now the graphics are not cutting edge anyway.There  are too many new units and cumbersome rules associated with them. The  cursed televangelist keeps popping up out of nowhere, converting cities and  eating into your empire's resources. The lawyer hides just as you are about  to move a military unit to kill him. Building cities in space and under  water may sound like a lot of fun and a novelty compared to the two  original Civilizations. But playing at lower levels, this won't be  interesting, becuase you will learn how to crush your opponents before  acquiring the technology for underwater and space construction; at higher  levels, the game becomes too difficult and too cluttered with units and  characters to persevere with marine and space existence. The only real  improvement over Civilization II is that governments are more stable during  war. In Civ II, if you wanted to wage a serious war, you had to install  monarchy or fundamentalism, or your government would collapse. Bottom line:  maybe it's because I am older, but I did not enjoy this game as much as  Civilization II. What comes out of &quot;Call to Power&quot; screams for  help to bring more original and well-crafted games to the market.
Sid Meier is a true artist in the realm of software, but with each new addition to the Civilization family the games become more oriented toward conflict and less fun to play. In AC the Believers will appear on your  borders within the first 50 turns and you will never really be at peace  again. Forget about the fun of managing a nation: this is a non-stop  Darwinian struggle to keep your head above water. (Some players might like  this, but I find it tedious.) There's no point in trying to negotiate with  other factions because they'll just turn right around and violate your  territory or declare war. Then after you have spent decades trying to build  up your industry, when your output reaches a certain level the planet  itself will being to attack you with an inexhaustible supply of mindworms.  *Every* game of AC is a race to achieve the victory conditions before the  planet itself defeats you, and there's not much sense of satisfaction in  that. Add to this the fact that the game runs unbearably slowly. You will  spend more time watching units go plod-plod-plod across the screen than you  will playing. I really wanted to like this game, but after a while its  defeatist atmosphere and tedious play just got too wearisome. Let's hope  that in his next game Side remembers that growing an empire is more fun and  challenging than beating one.
Awful! A real disapointment. This game is confusing and boring much like civilization 2. The game cover made it sound much more exciting than it really was. I bought it a while ago from Rinho and it was bran new then. I was sooo dissapointed. It takes forever to play, the battles are cheesy and a waste of time. If you are considering buying this game, I reccomend you try it before you buy it. Belive me it's not even worth $5. I've always been dissapointed with Sid Meier's games. So I think I'll stop trying them. If your considering this game, try Imperium Galactica 2. It's awsome. No comparison. I hope you found this reveiw helpful.
I was a big fan of Parappa the Rapper and I was seriously disappointed with this sequel. It's bad enough that you can beat it in 30 minutes, but what's worse is that you wouldn't want to! The music is just bad and that is inexcusable for a music game. Where are all the catchy tunes? I can't remember one line from this game, whereas I have all of Parappa the Rapper's songs memorized. It's missing those great lyrics found in Parappa like my favorite: &quot;Sunny in my life, she's like a dice, I can't tell which way to turn 'till I spice!&quot; Skip UmJammer and get Parappa.
I would rent this game. It takes no skills what so ever to beat it. Maybe it just came naturally to me, or maybe I'm just to critical but this game is not worth buying. In my opinion this game would only appeal the the 8-11 age range and even then would they only play it once or twice.
I have most of the major flight sims and now I have this and have only worked with it a bit but I find it a little too overcomplicated, it's taxing even for someone who is a flight simmer and is already flight tested and combat tested.The graphics are good but first there was the necessity to download a patch which at 25mb is the largest game patch I've ever seen, the list of fixes is enough to make you question why they released it in that form anyway.Although the amount of interactivity is less with the bombers in Janes Attack Squadron so is the level of overhead.If you are really a B17 nut though and you want total realistic immersion in that plane then you'll like the sim.
It doesn't make any sense.  How can this game be considered a classic?  It has WAY too many flaws for people to continue naming it "best game of all-time" or "best Castlevania game you'll ever play".I don't think so.  If you want a "real" Castlevania game, go play Castlevania 64 for the N64.  That's how a Castlevania game should be done.  Not like Symphony Of The Night, which is basically a complete disaster with its many inexplicable problems.Don't believe me?  You will soon enough.  First and foremost, Konami must think all Castlevania fans are forgetful and dumb.  You see, the game begins with you playing as Richter, and you're back in the final stage of the previous Castlevania game fighting Dracula.  This is ridiculous.  I don't want to play THAT game, I want to play Symphony Of The Night.  You don't have to redo the final fight with Wart in the beginning of Super Mario Bros. 3.  So you shouldn't have to start off Symphony Of The Night by going back and fighting the final boss in the previous game.  What the hell is wrong with Konami?  This whole Richter/Dracula thing should have been removed.After that's over, the REAL game begins, but unfortunately that's not true.  It doesn't begin yet.  Immediately a screen is shown of Alucard running to the castle (which you unfortunately have no control over).  Once he's inside and the gate closes, you can now play as him, but wait a minute.  There's no music playing in the background.  A game can't really start if there's no music, because the absence of music makes a game feel empty and unexciting.Luckily, my worst fear didn't come true (that Konami forgot to put music in the game) and you just have to move forward a few steps and battle a few more foes before the music kicks in.  It's about time!  You had me worried there!But then more problems arise.  In the same little area where the music kicks in, you encounter these zombies that come out of the ground and walk towards you, and many times you never see these zombies coming until it's too late and you take a hit.  Pesky little things like this are just one of many reasons this game is almost completely unbearable.Eventually you meet up with a young lady named Maria.  She's extremely attractive, and knows just how to push the right flirting buttons.  And that's a big problem.  The way she seems to come on to Alucard and practically drool all over him is such a turn-on to the player that it's very difficult to move forward and continue on with the quest.  After a Maria encounter, you can't stop thinking about her beautiful pale face, those big beautiful eyes, that smooth relaxing voice, and so then what happens after that is, when you are in the middle of a serious battle, you almost always die because you can't stop thinking about Maria's beautiful face.Konami must not understand that mostly boys play video games.  I shouldn't have to say it, but I think it's obvious that the creators of Maria are disappointed in themselves for creating such a good-looking woman, because one look at Maria distracts boys everywhere.  They shouldn't have made her look so pretty.  Because of this, only the strongest male gamers will be able to complete this Castlevania adventure.  Had she been less attractive, guys would be able to better concentrate on the game.You're probably thinking by now "Alright, talk about the actual GAME!"  Okay, I will, but you won't like what I have to say.  It's just really painful for me to pick out all the problems in this supposed classic.  Basically, it all boils down to one thing.  The fact that some weapons in this game are incredibly slow, weak and almost useless.  Yes, I'm talking about the Jewel Sword and the Sword Of Hador.  Konami never should have put these two weapons in the game.  But because they did, we have no choice but to put up with them, and I have no choice but to complain.  These two weapons really drag the game down.I could go on and on about the many problems you will see in this game.  Twice in the game you will have to fight a guy who looks exactly like you, which if you ask me, lacks creativity.  Konami wasted a good opportunity right there to come up with new and exciting bosses to fight, but no, they had to go with the old predictable mirror match.Many enemies have blood fiercely squirting out of their bodies when you attack them, forcing me and my children to look away from the TV screen.  Because me and my children understand that if we look at the screen and see this violence, we will throw up all over ourselves and even worse, we might even have trouble making it through the day without screaming in fear that the same brutal treatment might happen to us if we're not careful.  A little bit of blood is fine, but some of the blood in Symphony Of The Night is a bit too graphic and plentiful.  It's enough to terrorize you.  So the best thing to do would be to try and jump over these bloody enemies so you won't have to attack them, though in many places, avoiding enemies won't be easy.Finally, the biggest problem.  The second castle in the game is just the first castle turned upside down, so it's not really a new castle.  Now that's what I call clumsy.  Between the smutty actions of Maria and the blood all over the place, it feels like I'm watching a porno blood fest.  Not a pretty thought, is it?  So as you can see, many problems prevent this game from being a classic.  Don't even think about buying it.
WTF is this crap, this is metroid not castlevainia......this sucks.  PS stop making castlevainia into gay manga garbage it takes all the thrills and scary aspects out of it by making everyone look like a woman with multi colored hair.
This game is very difficult to control and it is extremely boring. It may have been a great game six years ago, but by today's standards this one is a definite loser. Save your money.
I grew up playing this game as a kid, so after buying this game in this day and age I really tried hard to like it. I really did, but I just couldn't.I remember playing this on DOS with the joystick. The graphics are a little better then I remembered it and the playstation control is a lot easier to handle than a joystick. The level design is also very retro and original. You simply don't get such dark, dysptopianish, techno inspired level design like this anymore. Speaking of techno, the soundtrack allthough very short is simply the best soundtrack of the entire Wipeout franchise. Messhja being the best song in my opinion.Now where this game sadly suffers is the gameplay.Anti-Grav racing has gotten faster as time moves on and as a result the original Wipeout simply hasn't aged that well. You simply move too slow in this game. So slow that your thumb will actually start to feel sore after two races. I can't even play this game with the X button as the thrust anymore. I have to use the Triangle button, but that is not even the worst aspect of this game. The worst is that fact that your ship loses all of its speed every single time you miss a turn or bump into an enemy ship and that's another problem. Nothing is more annoying in this game then having to pass another ship and have that ship bump into you slowing you down. A more minor issue I have with this game is all the weapon effects just look boring and uninspired looking. If I'm shooting rockets or missles I want to see a lot more than just a small cloud of dust. I want to see some sorta projectile and explosion.Overall I only recemend playing this game if you never experienced the later Wipeouts especially Wipeout Fusion. Once you play Fusion this game becomes pretty much unplayable.
i saw the TV comercial for this game and it looked pretty cool but when i got it for christmas it got very boring i mean all u do is try to get to the other end of the level with ur ball and collect cards so there isn't much to this game i wouldn't reccomend this game 2 many people
Ok so i get the idea that you are a glove rolling on a ball. Hmmmm. Ok well here goes. If you liked this game, you are an IDIOT! HELLO GUYS YOU ARE A GLOVE! WHAT THE HECK IVE NEVER HEARD OF SUCH AN IDIOTIC CHARACTER! A GLOVE! FOR GOODNESS SAKES, IVE HEARD THAT ORIGINALITY IS GOOD, BUT THIS? ok i will stop yelling. But jeeze guys cant you see that only some kind of fool would actually enjoy playing as a glove that can balance on a ball? Well I can. So I'm out, enough said.
This game can be described in a few simple words, boring, repeaditive,  bad, pointless.
Well, it won't work at all. I put it in my console, and nothing. I looked it over carefully to make sure I didn't buy some...knock off, but it even has etched trademarks, ext. It doesn't recognize the disk at all. So I went to the Activision site to see if I could find some help on this game. And this is what they said...ProblemDoes not load and play.SolutionActivision has identified a manufacturing problem with regards to its Dreamcast title Blue Stinger. The manufacturing issue involves only a limited percentage of the total product available in stores, but will result in start-up failure on certain Dreamcast systems.If you experience this problem, we encourage you to call 1-888-402-8951 and The Blue Stinger Hotline will send you a new disc free of charge. You will be asked to return the faulty copy of Blue Stinger directly to the fulfillment house. A prepaid, self-addressed mailer will be provided for their convenience.Activision is dedicated to promptly delivering replacement discs to affected consumers. We would like to extend an apology to you for the inconvenience, but are confident that once this problem is corrected, you will have an outstanding gaming experience with Blue Stinger and the Dreamcast hardware.So, I just wanted to post this for anyone else that has this problem, or will have this problem in the future. So far I have only got their answering machine. Let's see if they are still supporting this title and call me back:o)CraigUPDATE:  Talked to someone from Activision.  He was kinda floored that there were still faulty copies out there:o)  Guess it's been awhile since it was out.  Anyway, they replaced it as promised.  But, the games really [stinks]!!!  Don't bother.  It's been a while since I even had my Dreamcast hooked up, so I don't remember what it was that I didn't like about the game.  But, I do remember that I knew this was a really bad game in about ten minutes of playing it.  Wasn't even worth my time getting it replaced.
I have played few games that were as funny as this one. Why? Take a bunch of game developers who hated the average controls of survival horror games, get a bunch of inept writers to scribble down a derivative plot with a nice hook and horrible dialogue, music composers who aspire to be better than John Williams, game designers who played WAY too many Super Mario games and anyone in marketing or professional game reviewing to pass the game off as a Survival Horror game and you've got a painfully hilarious game on your hands. This game doesn't do Sega any justice and don't believe the lie that this was their first Survival Horror game, they made their first two years before this on the Saturn and that game, Deep Fear, was art compared to this. I felt absolutely lied to when I played this game thinking I was in for the scare of my life when I found myself rolling on the ground after witnessing some of the silliest character models, inconsistent soundtrack, awkward dialogue, non-existent atmosphere, incomprehensible plot and obnoxious controls I've ever played on a DreamCast game. Your characters run so slow you'd think they had weights tied to their ankles, but their steps look so played out it's almost like they're waddling away from danger! You'll kill monsters who, despite being four legged monstrosities, will literally sprinkle you with gold coins! The overly dramatic music will play on and loop over and over again when nothing is happening! You want a farce? You've got nothing but farce in Blue Stinger.
People saying this a perfect game are either skateboarders are just crazy. This game is so outdated graphics are horrible, gameplay is decent at best. there is no reason this should have higher then 3 stars and for that reason I am giving it a 1, so people will know it's not a 4 or 5 out of 5 star game.
Loser! The cars in this game don't leave behind any dust, they bite the dust! It's no wonder that Activision didn't dare tie this game directly into Interstate '76. There is just no comparison to the classic game. I would love to compare this game but since Activision isn't doing that I won't either. Let's go down the list of Graphics, Control, Game Play, Sound/Music, and Fun Factor. That will give or take one star for each category.Graphics: Where does one start on the graphics? As far as the level of detail and the amount of destruction available, it is indeed a very good game. Games of this nature tend to over simplified with little or no detail in the buildings and surrounding terrain. Activision programmers spent a lot of time on the details in the game, I wish they spent the same amount of time on the game's engine. The game engine plays like a first generation game. There is such an incredible amount of popping, crazing, stretching, and disappearing polygons, any good programmer should have never allowed this kind of thing to even leave his development PC. For those out of the loop I'll define the problems.Popping- Terrain popping up out of no where. Programmers usually solve this with careful use of fog. Yes folks, that is the true use of fog. However fog in this game is under utilized. Almost like it was thrown in at the last minute.Crazing/Stretching- This tends to be very similar. Various walls or architecture seems to twist or stretch into bizarre angles. If you have the game drive the car directly up against a vertical wall and you'll see it. The level with the lighthouse is a prime example.Disappearing polygons- This is a serious no no in games. Drive to the edge of any arena until the car &quot;bounces&quot; if you can get the proper slope of land (about a 45 degree angle.) and the camera swings low enough, parts of the ground will disappear and be replaced by a livid blue (or red depending on the generation of PSX console or some other factor).Control: Unfortunately, this game can't decide on Arcadian controls or Real World controls, so it attempts to do a half and half deal. The car's accelerates and steers like it's running through molasses, unless of course it floats, then it feels like it's skimming around on ice. In fact, control's so bad that I tend to get and use the hovercraft mode or the boat mode more often than not. The only major saving grace is that the controls are 100% configurable. I myself don't like the default uses for the buttons. Especially for my style of play which involves using my thumb to press two or three buttons at the same time. (Old School Mario Style if you will.)Gameplay: Game play is frustrating at best. (Why is the &quot;Arcade&quot; mode listed before &quot;Quest&quot; mode?) The various modes of the game should be fun, but really, are more of a frustrating exercise in patience. Past experience tells me that arcade mode is a great way to &quot;practice&quot; the details of the game. In this case, it actually is set up that way. Hints and tips are handed to you before each battle. Cars can be limited in number and difficulty. And goals are clearly defined. However, actually doing all of this takes a bit of work. The number of &quot;configuration&quot; screens one must churn through is heart breaking. Whatever happened to a &quot;simple&quot; game session? And the enemies seem to be overly ruthless. Whereas quest mode seems to be the easiest of the modes, having blasted through 4 of the drivers in the first few hours of playing. I really didn't have much patience to even try the survival mode.Sound/Music: I try not to review music or sound in games but in this case it will be the only whole star for this game. The music is indeed sweet to listen to. The tunes are strangely familiar, but I can't place my finger on it. It also appears that there is one song for each of the characters to play. The book lists 15 characters and I believe there are 15 songs. It's quite fun to try and match the songs to the characters. The music would have been a blast if they used real world 70's music but alas, the licensing would be too much. The only annoying sound effect is those stinkin' UFO's. Kind of makes me want to turn the CD into a UFO.Fun Factor: Fun Factor can't get much lower. The only fun things here is the quest mode and two player mode. It's always nice to play ANY game with two players, especially one that lets us rag on it like it's Elevator Action (Waaay back in the NES days.) The quest mode is nice for those late night no-brainer sessions where your brain is too fried to think about anything else.Sorry if this review is just as jumbled as the game itself. Watching the game world twist and spin in sickening ways scrambled my poor brain. The results?Half a star for graphics but bad engine. No stars for the controls. No stars for game play. One star for music and sound. And half a star for the fun factor. That's all. Hope Activision's third attempt isn't a . . . dump.
I don't think I've ever been as angry with any software as I was with Messiah.  After an hour of dying around every corner or in certain parts on the FIRST level, I immediately uninstalled it and returned it.  It is my  policy that any game that just about FORCES you to cheat is a bad game.  Yes, the graphics in this game are good, and yes, the possession ability is  an innovative thing,  but all of that is WORTHLESS when you get killed so  easily.  1-3 hits is all it takes, and when your host dies, expect Bob to  die nanoseconds later.  Even if you're a crackshot and can kill a person  without making a sound, reinforcements appear almost instantly and kill you  just as quickly.  The message here is that combat is best avoided...so why  am I constantly thrusted into it?  And the AI?  Superb, yet stupid at the  same time.  I accidentally went into combat mode with my fists at one time,  and armed guards from across the (very large) room suddenly started  shooting me!  Also, when I possessed a commander, a COMMANDER, for crying  out loud, my own soldiers shot me anyway, AND I WASN'T IN COMBAT MODE!  So  I figure either A) They have a &quot;jealous&quot; behavior, or B) They're  stupid.  Also, the possession ability is an innovation, but you'll get so  frustrated that you'll hardly give it a second thought when you uninstall  it.  I don't even want to think about the later levels that have you going  against demons!  My conclusion is...if you're tired of the usual  &quot;shoot, run, repeat&quot; games, and you're desperate for a change in  3D shooters...stick with &quot;Thief: The Dark Project.&quot;  Let this  game die in piece.
Messiah is a third person game. Set in the future you play an angel called Bob sent from god to save the world from the bad humans. The angel is very small and weak, It can be easily killed, but it can posses any charecter it wants and take control of the charecter, Only after becoming someone it can carry weapons. The graphics and sound are average, charecter animation are not very impressive. Messiah's problems is that it is quite difficult, To posses someone you need to fly behind him and jump into his back and that is very hard to do so because of the third person camera angle. The game is quite short too.
This expansion pack (EP) was a complete wast of my time, and money.  It adds a couple new magical weapons and armor, some new spells and a couple new areas to explore.  There is no plot to the the EP, just some NPC saying  &quot;Oh I lost my son in Durlags Tower. . . .&quot; and stuff like that.  The only thing that made this EP worth two stars is that they cleaned up a  lot of the rough edges from Baldurs Gate, and increased Experience points  to a point where your fighter and like one other class can go up a level.  By the way, it is just one more disk that you have to flip through if you  decide to replay Baldurs Gate.  In conclusion don't buy this EP, it isn't  worth it, unless any new EP's come out that require it.
i don't know why others rate this so highly - the graphics are OK, i love the fact that you can play with friends (although in the end are different schedules ruined this) and i like importing my own pictures. But the  controls for this game are absolutely frustrating!Some minor gripes:  the manual doesn't have enough info, combat used to be a MAJOR pain until i  stumbled over the pause commands (and had to play with them to figure out  which ones to set), having the main character enter a store makes life  frustrating for other LAN players, the plot doesn't seem multiplayer  friendly (you lose all those NPCs which are important to the story - the  party is so small), the maps don't make a ton of sense, group movement can  be really annoying and my number one complaint: you can't use arrow keys to  move your character!  i know, it sounds minor, but the view screen is only  large enough to show a few tiles, so you have to scroll the screen, click a  destination point, by which time your guy has already walked there so you  scroll some more, repeat - it gets so that you never actually see your  character because you're so busy setting way points for him to walk. At a  minimum, if you have to play this carpal-tunnel torture of moving your  characters leg by leg, you should at least be able to make the screen  center on the character - the little guy just walks off the screen and you  don't know where he went. At a minimum, let me see more of the map at one  time - i have a 19&quot; monitor and prefer looking at what's happening  rather than the large pretty pictures some artist drew.The plot's OK,  the D&amp;D system is pretty sophisticated, there's some real polish in  places and we've needed a good RPG for a while (i LOVED Fallout, which had  lousy, but still vastly superior, map and movement controls), so i got the  game the very first day it was released (xmas eve), and my roommates and i  played it for 2 weeks, but eventually i got so sick of the control scheme  that i just erased the frustrating thing
I enjoy RPG games. Really, I do. But for some reason, I couldn't get into this one as much as I thought I could. But I've looked at all the reviews  on this board, and most are raving about it. But what I'm also wondering is  if these very positive reviews are from mostly die-hard RPGers, and/or  Dungeon &amp; Dragons fans.I personally do not play D&amp;D, so I'm not  a die-hard. But I did enjoy Diablo, Everquest, Might and Magic 7, and Age  of Wonders, so I'm not against &quot;dungeon-crawl&quot;/fantasy type games  as you may think I am. I did like the &quot;pause&quot; option in Baldur's  Gate, so you can give commands to each of your party's members without  getting thrashed in the meantime, but I didn't care for the graphics. But  to some, that's minor and forgivable if you like the gameplay--I guess I  just didn't. I also prefer faster paced games with a more linear storyline.  But if you prefer a non-linear storyline, and sometimes feeling semi-lost  in a rather large world to explore, that's all the more reason for you to  get this game.I also get a tired of too much repitition. Every battle I  set my formation up, pause, issue relatively the same commands, and  execute. (In Everquest, I only went up to Level 12 and quit, thinking,  what's the point?) So the combat is repetitive, but in Baldur's defense, it  does have a storyline and an ending, unlike Everquest. But it is time  consuming. But if you can afford the time, and you like RPG's, then you'll  love this title, otherwise, spend your gaming money elsewhere.
Maybe it is because I have a Mac version but I was really really enjoying this game when my band of characters stopped going up in experience levels.  I contacted the company but was told that that is just the way the game is.  Yes, I do like a challenge but I play computer games to relax too and without an advancement in level I don't see how to win this game.  I was very very disappointed.
I bought this game for my 7 year old son, expecting it to be a good one.  The graphics are average (better graphics can be found with Spyro, year of the dragon), and the levels are very frustrating, I found myself throwing the controller away several times trying to help my son get through the levels, even though I consider myself a good gamer.  I finally recommended my son to play Spyro the dragon instead to avoid anymore frustrations.  I won't recommend anyone to get this game.
Okay. This game ... If you think this game is good, play Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 and see what you think after that. This game lacks good graphics and doesn't have enough tricks to keep you awake. I mean, come on! One lip trick?! Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 has plenty of lip tricks, grab tricks, flip tricks, and specials. Plus, on Pro Skater 2 you have the ability to decide what tricks are performed for which button. If you are a true Tony Hawk fan, don't get this game. It will upset you to much.
horrible graphics, mindless games, hnow the heck did u give it 5 stars???
A lot of good reviews--two perfect 5 star reviews even. Amazon.com gets to choose which reviews are "featured", so that's not really much of a surprise.You should definitely read more reviews. The graphics are okay, but the design of the graphics in this game are considered to be very cartoonish by many. Bright oranges, glowing blues, and odd color assortments await you in this game. Do yourself a favor and search for the original Battlezone. That was a game I played so many years ago I can't even remember when, but I remember clearly the missions and the specific gameplay elements because it was so good. The story made more sense, the missions didn't tell you exactly what to do (you had to figure it out, which was the fun part), and the overhead map was accessible from the push of a button rather than getting out of your vehicle all of the time. To summarize what these reviews (on the first page) are all leaving out:- You'll have to get out of your vehicle constantly. Because the drivers of other vehicles just aren't smart enough to do the job themselves. You'll also have to do this to access the tactical map, the only way of ordering units around without actually driving there (by which time the units in question will have already been destroyed, too little, too late)- Missions aren't involving, and the story doesn't continue from the original game. In short, there's really not much of a story, as you'll find yourself doing strange things that you've been ordered to do for no apparent reason- Interface is cluttered, buttons rearrange themselves based on the order that you built things, and it's a nightmare finding the right keys to press during the heat of battle. In many games, the only deciding factor of whether you'll win or lose is if you find the right keys fast enough
Ok, by reading the reviews of the people here, I can see someone has figured this game out.  I bought it not realizing it had missions where you had to do certian thing at certain times.  I thought this was going to more of a graphics rich version of Dune 2000 or Tiberian Sun...was I dissapointed.It takes forever just to get to play a mission.  The mission starts loading up and someone starts talking, I guess giving a little story to the mission you are about to play.  But, I can see that it's all loaded up within a few seconds, but the person just keeps talking.  I can't get it to skip past that so I can go ahead a play.  This is very frustrating.  In a nutshell, I stopped trying to figure it out and went on to buy another game to play.  Get something else, this sucks.
Is it possible for a game to be TOO realistic?  The graphics are excellent, and there's a lot of bass to everything.  Now, shall I go into the negative parts?  I'm against the claim that video games cause violence  in the populace, but this game nearly changed my opinion.  In Kingpin, it's  &quot;f-this&quot; and &quot;f-that,&quot; and &quot;Don't look at my  (expletive).&quot;  Even casual talk has the F-word butting into the  conversation, and I was very disgusted with the conversations that my  character engaged in.  I returned the game soon after I installed it  because I thought the &quot;gritty&quot; subject matters detracted from the  &quot;fun factor&quot; of the game.  How can one have fun cussing and  killing other people that cuss back?  Sure, Quake and other games are  violent,  but not as wanton, gratuitous, and obscene as THIS game.  I admit  that I like some violence, but not even *I* would defend Kingpin from  accusations of youth violence.  Aside from that, bullets leave exit marks  on the opponents, but so does the crowbar, the levels are very confusing,  making you run in circles, and objectives are very vague.  Heed the rather  large warning labels on the box PLEASE.  This game is DEFINETELY NOT for  kids...and even some grown-ups!
This game could do alot better than it really did. It takes way to long to build something or to train something. But it has a good storyline where its humans against orcs. I do enjoy watching them battle it out and ending in a gory death. The land isnt detailed enough. What this game lacks is details.
I never could get this game chugging on more than one cylinder.  The manual is irrevelant and no outside game helps are published (I've looked for more than a year).  Play the stockmarket ???  Forget about it ...  If you are not into the esoterica of steam trains or stupid country music,  the computer steals the fun and always has you dead to rights.  Historical trade and industrial patterns are treated very lightly indeed.  I like to able to play the game, but I couldn't make it do anything.
I got this game for ten bucks on the bargain pile. It blows it is a boring extremely hard game. I liked the movie option, graphics and real car phisics. The story was okay not great. The controls were horrible. The missions are extremely unforgiving and hard boring. The first mission took us 3 weeks to fufill. Also your stuck in the car driving around. The missions are so hard by the time you know how to beat them its just memerizing a boring path. It's not even challenging fun. It is more like boring impossible!! Also you can't see in front of you. I'm still on the first city. On the good side you can go to a option you have called take a ride which allows you to go out and wreck havac in the city and have cops chase and then turn the car chases into movies. Also there are driving games like pursuit and Getaway, carnage, surviver and time trials ect. There fun for a while you can also turn them into movies. Also I think this has much improovement from the PS1 version by far. But still this game is horrible. The story mode is by far the most hard boring and unforgiving I've ever seen. If you want a fun wide variety driving game for the PC reserve GTA3.Pros: Lot's of non story gamesGood GraphicsWay better than PS1 versionThere is movie editorReal Car fisicsSome might like StoryCons: Boringly Hard Story ModeBad ControlsGame is Uneccesasseraly hardCan only stay in carHuge lack of Mission VarietyLarge Lack of Car VarietyGame gets incredably boring and hardMissions very unforgivingProbily takes at minimum 15 restarts to complete a average missionsCops will start a dangerous car chase for speeding and don't stop when you stop to themCops to easily provokedCops go to dangerous lenghts to get you for a minor violation.Unrealistic and Dangerous Cop AICan't run over PadestriansSo if you want a wide variety driving game where you can get out of a car and get in another and more mission variety reserve GTA3.
This popular title has a lot going for it - good graphics, excellent maneuvering and physics, and style to boot.However, the difficulty is much too high for even heardcore gamers. There seems to be something truly amiss with the makers of the game - despite the negative comments regarding gameplay, the game's sequel, Driver 2 (PSX) is actually harder than the original.In order to make the game playable, you either have to apply a patch released by Infrogrames or play in cheat mode. Then it will become only _barely_ playable.Unless you can find a cheap copy, avoid.
This rumble pak is too big, uses up batteries rapidly, it's so heavy that you hardly ever feel the rumble, Nintendo should have built-in rumble in thre controllers this sucks.
Updated review- March 20, 2007I was completely wrong about Metal Gear Solid.  I've really grown to change my mind about the negative thoughts I once had and NOW I think Metal Gear Solid deserves 5 stars (4.5 to be exact).  I especially grew to appreciate the main purpose of the game which is, as many have already mentioned, being encouraged to AVOID the guards that appear on your radar.  The idea of the game is to find ways to avoid enemies- not just go in and attempt to either shoot or break their necks.  No wonder I originally gave the game a low rating.  I went in expecting to kill everything that walked in my way!  The gameplay is a radically different approach from anything I've ever experienced before.I originally said Metal Gear Solid was one of those games I respect more than I enjoy. I said this because so much thought and energy went into the storyline and voice acting, that I felt the game deserved to be respected, and Konami deserved credit for making it.However, playing the game today for the first time in months, I don't know what happened. When I hit the triangle button to put myself in first-person mode, and looked across the hallway to see if a guard happened to be standing there (or walking towards me) I got caught up in the excitement and the quiet atmosphere of trying to find a way around him. It was addicting. I finally figured out how to break their necks and that was a lot of fun, too. The boss fights are actually the very best thing about Metal Gear Solid.  Every single one of them is fun, not to mention they all require you to figure out the best way to defeat them using your rather large selection of guns and figuring out which gun is the correct one. I love fighting that ninja without using weapons and hearing him speak between the action segments.  Hearing enemies talk while you're fighting them makes you want to kick their butts even MORE!I also love when everything is nice and quiet, and then you accidentally walk right by a guard.  When this happens, a loud sound effect comes in that gives off a feeling of "Oops, my bad!" because now the guard is chasing you around.  You now have to run for your life.  I didn't realize last year that this is actually a lot of fun. This IS a really good game. I'm sorry for saying it was average last year. Sometimes I need to actually PLAY a game before speaking my mind.Metal Gear Solid is the revolutionary Playstation game that showed the world a new, life-like way to play video games in the late 90's.  The influence this game had on the future of video gaming is simply astounding.  Metal Gear Solid showed how you can take stealth fighting and wrap a gigantic, memorable story around it.  While I'm not a big fan of lengthy twists and turns in video game storylines, I will give Konami a lot of respect for putting an *incredible* amount of time and effort into the game, and in the process, having the Metal Gear Solid series continue to do well on the Playstation 2, and soon, Playstation 3.I especially like the quiet atmosphere while you try finding ways to walk around guards.  It comes off like you're watching a movie instead of playing a video game, or, to put it another way, you're "playing" a movie.  Not many people can create an atmosphere quite like this.  Good job Konami.Sometimes the guards aren't as intelligent as you'd like them to be (you can actually walk into an elevator and they will walk right by, without noticing you) and apparently none of them can see you if you're standing only a couple feet away, but you know, these problems are actually pretty nice because it allows gamers to finish Metal Gear Solid without any major difficulty problems.  I can only imagine how hard the game would be if guards were extremely observant all the time.I still have a problem with the overall darkness of the game, though.  More often than not, an important health or ammo pack is located in a hidden dark area, like near a corner, behind a crate or somewhere you can't see.  It's really not a big deal, though.  Just remind yourself to always check every dark area you come across.  If you're still having trouble finding items, just press the triangle button to put yourself in first-person mode, and hit the left or right buttons on the directional pad to scan around.  This works really well.  In fact, the whole first-person camera angle was a great idea from Konami.Even though 20 minutes of cutscenes and conversations isn't really my thing, at least you are given the option to skip through them if you want (by pressing any one of the four main buttons, plus the Start button).  I hate when game companies FORCE you to watch them.  I don't think the storyline is bad in any shape or form.  It's actually decent.  You see, my whole life I've had a belief that a video game should be more about actually "playing a game" and less time should be devoted to storyline segments (I'll make an exception for RPGs).  The storyline in Metal Gear Solid is so big and lengthy that if you were to sit there and listen to the whole thing you would be sitting there for HOURS.  Honestly, Metal Gear Solid focuses more on storyline than actual gameplay.With changing times and technology, people began to prefer the realistic aspects of video gaming.  Metal Gear Solid will go down as one of the originators.I DO have one complaint- there doesn't seem to be an option for you to lock-on to your target, so YOU are forced to find and face the target.  For example, if a guard is located south/east of you, you have to actually use the directional pad to face south/east and THEN you can shoot him.  You have to face him directly or he'll continue shooting at you until you're dead.  This can be a pain because turning correctly is a bit of a challenge.  This could have been fixed with one simple "lock-on nearest target" feature.Sure, you have guns that can zoom in on a target, but to use THESE guns you have to get into a special position (which changes the angle of the camera).  By the time you get into that position the guard will have already killed you because it takes a few seconds to get into that position, and believe me, you don't have a SECOND to waste once a guard spots you.  I want a gun that features a QUICK lock-on target (such as a gun with high amounts of firepower and frequently-available ammo packs).  That way it won't feel hopeless when a million guards are after me.Besides a bit of overall darkness, a lengthy storyline and sometimes unfair situations regarding aiming and shooting, I have no other problems with the game.  These are really minor problems and it's easy for me to look past them.  A game that I SHOULD have given more attention to before attempting to give a final verdict.  Metal Gear Solid is a classic game.  It just took me a while to see that.
I rue the day this title came out for Playstation. It was considered so original, it influenced many, many stealth-type games that followed it. Too many.Where do I start with the things I hate about this game?1. It's way too difficult. You get awfully sick of hearing "Snaaaaaaaaaaaaaake!" every 10 seconds. There should have been a way to ratchet down the difficulty even further for 'tards like me. "Easy" mode really isn't.  Sheesh.  I wonder what "Hard" mode was like.2. Way too many cutscenes! I've never seen anything like it. There's one cut scene that goes on for like 30 minutes. This has got to be the talkiest video game I've ever played.  And these dialogues are all so silly, and you're pretty much forced to watch them or you won't be able to understand what's going on. In fact, I would say that most of your time in this game will be spent watching cutscenes. It's not so much a video game as a movie in which you are occasionally allowed to press buttons.3.  I hate video games that won't let you pause at certain moments, as this won't.  I wouldn't advise playing this if you have a wife or mother who's gonna occasionally ask you to help her in the kitchen:  you'll find yourself saying, "Yeah, I'll help you after this scene finishes . . . in about half an hour!  Not allowed to pause it for some reason!"4.  Even more excusably, there's not way to pause the cutscenes.  You can't even pause the codec dialogues!5.  There are many scenes in which the game disables your weapons and accessories for no logical reason other than that if it didn't, the scene would be too easy.6.  There are far too many boss monsters.  It's like every other encounter is a boss monster.  The first part of the game (say, up until the first encounter with Revolver Ocelot) is pretty great, but that's not representative of the game:  after that it's basically an unending series of boss monsters.7.  Frustratingly, you have to fight several boss monsters twice because they never seem to die.  Having to "kill" the same boss monster over and over again makes you feel like you're going in circles.8.  The principals having these deep discussions about delicate emotional issues while an enemy is shooting at them or while a timer is ticking down. Was this written by a 14-year-old?9.  The system for flattening oneself against a wall is not ready for prime time:  most of the time you find yourself flattened against the wall and you didn't mean to do this.  This will get you killed several times as you are thus basically standing still, allowing your enemies to shoot you.  It should have been running up to a wall in combination with pressing L1 or something.10.  The way your guy stands there uselessly for about two seconds after choking somebody.11.  The way you can easily bypass critical lifesaving devices, such as the thermal goggles.12.  The way the game takes all these cheap shots at you:  you can't look ahead because your radar is "jammed" and then you get shot by a security camera.  Or blown up by a mine.13.  The way you are prevented, after having killed a boss, from going back into the battle area and collecting the stuff you didn't collect during the battle.  Is it there or not?  So why can't I get it now?14.  The absurd anti-nuclear message at the game's finale.
This game is fun to play, but the graphics are terrible.  The terrain is green, with some very sparsely placed trees and signs.  It is fun to beat down other racers with pipe, chain, hammer, etc... but the bikes are nearly impossible to control at full speed.  The expansion pack for the N64 is the biggest waste of money i've ever spent.  It does NOTHING to help the graphics or sound quality.  multi-player saves it from the graveyard.
I read lots of great reviews for this game that made me want to play it.  It will not play on my XP.  Talked to a lot of other gamers that tried to help but nothing worked.  Am holding onto it in case I can get a chance to play it on another computer.  I don't think it is XP compatible.
I saw this game, rented it from the store, and brought it home. It took me an hour to beat the game 100%, and the graphics were awful. They were pointed all over, and looked worse than Lara Croft from Tomb Raider I. I would not reccomend buying this game enless you're a first time gamer or under 8 years old. Rent, don't buy if you're older.
I own a Compaq desktop, model 5686, &amp; a HP Pavillion laptop, model ze5170.  Both have Windows XP.  I tried installing the game from 3 different CD Rom drives, 1 of which was my CD burner and the other a DVD/CD drive.  None of them worked.  The disk kept getting stuck on the Maps/Mission_10.wot file.  I may have just gotten a dud, but I wouldn't try buying this game again unless I knew for sure that it worked on at least one computer that I own.
I could not get far in this because of some bugs and problems. Not sure if its because it is an older type game but I just could not get into it to figure out how to get it to work. May work on Older Operating systems like Windows 98 or Windows XP with the Program Compatibility settings but Windows 7 and 8 Wont run it. As for game-play it was not on the high list of mine the little that I did get to work around and try. Just my personal tastes but FPS games are not that great to me.
What I expected was another Total Annihilation, but obviously I was at err, I don't know who made this game but if it was the original design team of TA then they were smoking somethin that made pretty colors dance across the screen. Ok, bottom line, TA kingdoms is by far the worst possible  stradegy game ever! It is SO slow on my P2 450mhz computer( after I got  about 50 units or so) it was ridiculas! I mean it was like watching your  units walk through glue because the game slows down so bad, it took my  little army of 30 units 15 minutes to reach the enemy base! Also 3D  acceleration for this game is non-existent! In the original TA the computer  cheated, but it wasn't to an extream sence, here they made it ten-fold!  Whenever you aren't looking over the enemy's base, they make units in 3  seconds or less, they can make thousands of units with only one lodestone  in place! its ridiculously IMPOSSIBLE in skirmish(when you are just getting  your defences finished they will have those plus a 30+ army coming to  attack your base) and just plain weird in campaign mode. Do not buy this  game, buy the original TA, its WAY better, trust me. Avoid Kingdoms like it  is a urine cup used to serve apple juice!
I got this on sale and decided to have a look based on its low price and 5 star rating.  What a joke!It's like Starcraft with bad graphics, zilch instructions and awful controls.  There are better games out there that are free!
While the curse began with "Cartoon Studio" for many Simpsons fans, it began with Virtual Springfield for me. Now, I'll began by saying that this is one of the worst designed game ever. The developers attempted to use the "Kids game" excuse, but they even fail at that.Using myself as an example, I first got this game when I was seven years old. At this particular time in my life, I was EXTREMELY easy to please, but this game couldn't even achieve that.The first and instantly noticeable problem with this game is that it is choppy and poorly programmed. I first played this game on a poor PC, but I later got a high end PC. I decided to give this game a second chance and I discovered something in the process. The game is choppy because it is poorly designed and programmed, not because my old PC was bad. If you were to look at the requirements, you could see that is is VERY low. The high end PC I had contained specs at least 5-10x higher than the requirements, yet the game was STILL choppy.And it's not just some parts of the game, it's EVERY part. When you turn, when you walk, when you do ANYTHING, you will notice the choppiness. That is, of course, assuming you have 20/20 vision or are wearing your glasses. Then again, you might notice it either way.The next and the second most noticeable problem is that the game has no substance. There are very few things you could do and the few things you could gets boring quickly. For example, the main thing you will be doing is simply exploring Springfield. This is all nice and good, but what happens when you explored everywhere? Absolutely nothing. The game ends there. Of course, you could also collect cards, but it is so ridiculously easy that you can probably finish by the time you're done exploring. Hell, at the time I first got this, I couldn't solve ANY kind of puzzle, yet I did it anyway. In addition to this, the few minigames that are here are simply terrible. They were made to only take your attention for a minute or two. There are freeware online that are better than these minigames.Now, Virtual Springfield has already committed two of the the worst possible crimes for PC games (bad programming and no gameplay), but to make the whole package even worse, it's expensive. At the current time of this review, the lowest price offered for this game on Amazon is $10.99. Selling a game THIS bad and that you could beat in less than one day for anything higher than $3 should be a federal offense punishable by 50 lashings.Overall, it is a terrible game that has once again proven that the old saying "Don't judge a book by its cover". I had thought that since this was a free roaming Simpsons game, it would rock the casbah, but I now realized my mistake. Don't make the same mistake I did.
all u do is walk around springfield and look at things, it is good at the start but then after u have looked at everything it [stinks]. there is nothing else to do.seriously, i am a HUGE fan of the simpsons but dont let the amazing tv show make you think that this game is good. its not. dont make the same mistake i did in buying it, you WILL be dissapointed.
All you really do in this game is look around Springfield and run into the occasional character. I finished the entire thing in less than 2 hours. Plus it is not very vivid or deep. You can only visit 2 classrooms in the Springfield elementary school, there is only 1 angle of Moe's bar etc. All you really do is LOOK at these locations that we are already familiar with and have the tiniest little bit of interaction with them. Plus the geography of Springfield in this game is not the same as the TV show. Which is also inconsistent in it's placing of many "sets". Moe's Bar has been in many different places for example. But, then again, in the garbageman episode, the town was moved to another site. Perhaps this is where it got all shuffled up.There are a few little (and I mean little) games included. One of the main games is to simply find hidden baseball cards. A ploy to trick into clicking on the screen and revealing slight animation.In total there is just under 25 minutes worth of animation here and it is cool that the original cast provided the voices. But unless you are a die hard Simpsons fan then I would leave this game be. Definitely only for younger kids.
The playability on this PC version is terrible.  The controls don't work like they should.  Even with my P4 and enhanced sound, the soundtrack and voices lag and stammer.  The puzzles are annoying and outdated.  The layout of the route you follow is redundent. The game is tedious and slow.  The plot and dialogue are corny.  This is like a game from the 1990's that's been updated with 2000 graphics.  I think you're better off with Quake 2 or Enclave.
I remember when I played the demo for this game. It was brilliant - you could stealth around, you had to be startegic and the atmosphere 10 times as tense as any other game ever. You had to loot a mansion and you could pick up some jewels for yourself as well. You had to AVOID making a comotion. The use of sound and light (or lack of them) was excellent as well. It was one of the best levels of any game I had ever played.I got my hands on the full version and rushed through the first level, eagar to see what theivery lay ahead. When I started playing the second level I found myself making my way through a haunted mine where I had to avoid zombies, kill spiders and eventually free someone from a prison. The whole thieving aspect had been taken away, and not only had degenerated into a standard cliched fantasy hack n slash affair, it was a BAD hack n slash affair. The next 2 or 3 levels were the same. Yes, you had to be stealthy, but not in the same context. I never played on - I had no motivation to.This could have been one of the best games ever, but in attempting to appeal to the mainstream (lets face it, the thievery aspect wouldn't have sold well on consoles) they messed it up, and they didn't even do the &quot;it's-been-done-before&quot; bit well. At least if it was done well it could have offered some short-term enjoyment (albeit forgetable) so that I wouldn't have completely wasted my money, but as it is it was a missed oportunity. Doesn't even deserve the tag &quot;Thief&quot; most of the time.
This game is more fun than having a bag of hammers dropped on your head, but not by much. A game where you rely on stealth and not your trigger finger is a good idea but I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING. I knew that I was in trouble on the very first mission. It went like this:  Me: &quot;Where am I? Is this a wall or a door? I'll just open it-&quot; Guard: &quot;Hey!&quot; Me: &quot;Oops!&quot; Guard kills me. The End.Wow. That was fun. Hoo-boy!
This game is unexplicably fun, it drives you insane when your character dies, it makes you go into tears when you acquire your spells. THIS GAME IS EVIL...First off you do one thing, kill, kill, and kill. Sure there are quests and of course tradeskills, but those two things are only possible by killing, and get boring and pointless. SO then you just end up killing everything, you keep going and going until it sucks your brain dry. DON'T buy this game...
Ok, bottom line, this game starts out fun, and addictive, ok that said and done I wanna tell you how it really is. Everquest is just what it says, a quest that just keeps going and going, now I know this may sound fun at  first, but keep reading. after playing my character to lvl 19(takes  forever, 2 - 3 months) I finally realised that the game is not changing, it  never gets harder, its always the same, every enviroment is modeled after  another, only changed a bit, the monsters are uninspired and it takes  forever to get up lvls, as you can see above,(for those of you who don't  know, a lvl is what you gain after getting enough experiance[which is what  you get when you kill a monster] to surpase a limit which gains you a lvl  and makes you better at fighting monsters.) The monsters have terrible  AI(artificial inteligence) they wander about the world until you or someone  comes into view, then they attack you! there is no AI in this game, a lvl 1  orc pawn will attack a lvl 20 warrior! How stupid is that? Does the pawn  give any consideration to your supiriority? No, it is simply programed to  attack whatever comes into view. The only thing that gets harder about EQ  as you go along is how long it takes to get lvls. It can take you as much  as 6 months to a year before you get up to lvl 50(the highest lvl you can  obtain). Another thing is the price, which ALL online RPG's charge, you pay  $40 - $50 to buy the game at the store, but it doesnt stop there, you have  to pay 9.95 a month to continue playing. Now, if you have to pay $9.95 a  month, why do they make you pay $50 to buy the game?  they should make it  $20 to buy the game, and they should lower the price of the monthly cost as  the game gets old, but they don't, so you'll end up paying a ridiculous  price for everything and in the end, realise it wasn't worth it. On the  plus side, you get one month of play time free when you start to consider  whether you want the game or not. Also the sound effects are pretty good.
its made out to be a kung fu,meets super space intelligence meets d and d type stuff kinda vid.its just dark and not nearly exiting as all that.theres zero martial arts.the enemies are monsters not space age.its very hard to see what youre fighting.its extremely easy to beat.me and the ol lady took it out in a weekend.
After all the years and all the hype I expected that this game would have *something* to recommend it.  Sure, I realized it wasn't going to be the GAME TO END ALL GAMES.  I always make sure to discount 25% for hype.  But,  my gods, what a poor showing this is!There is next to no innovation.  The graphics look like they were salvaged from Quake, the puzzles are of  the annoying &quot;find the panel that opens the door way the hell over  there and backtrack, etc&quot; style.  The sense of immersion is zero.  The  sounds are poorly choosen.  The enemies are, for the most part, utterly  uninspired.  The load times between segments (which uses the Half-Life  formula) are ridiculously long.  It's also utterly unstable and prone to  crashing at any given moment.Well, you get the point.  If this were just  another generic first person shooter that was being sold from $20 on the  discount rack, maybe I wouldn't feel so annoyed.  As it was, I went back  and exchanged it for &quot;Soldier of Fortune&quot; which, well also not  ground breaking, is solidly entertaining and, at least, mildly  innovative.Please, folks, don't get sucked in by the hype.  Save your  money for something better.  In the meanwhile, I'll be hoping that Ion  Storms next big product, Deus Ex, does a better job of living up to its  reputation.
I decided to re-evaluate DAIKATANA and I found I very ambitious game with a lot of features and some crazy AI. Yes, this was a much over-hyped game when it was released and it did have a lot of bugs in it, but what PC games released nowadys don't have any bugs that require a patch?There is plenty of action in DAIKATANA and a variety a weapons. Some nice levels, but it all could have been better.Ok, the good things about DAIKATANA. If you can make it to the Greek levels and the Norway levels, you'll be treated to some of the most stunning level designs ever in a game. The Greek levels in particular are quite stunning, almost beautiful. Plus the weapons in these levels are definately different from your standard FPS fare. In fact the Daikatana itself becomes the most powerful weapon in the game if you get it up in levels. DAIKATANA really tried to be different. There are a number of RPG elements in the game and this was a welcome change in the FPS realm. John Romero really had a great idea in mind for this game and I'll give him credit there.Now the bad things about DAIKATANA. The much talked about sidekick AI. Yes, even I ran into this problem right away. There is a patch available that does make a difference. I suggest to download it after you install DAIKATANA. The first episode is just frustratingly bad. There is some truly garish level designs here as well in the final episode 4 in San Francisco. Also, I set this game on normal mode and it is SO HARD! Even in Easy mode, I died almost immediatly in the beginning of the game! This a bad thing in FPS games. The first few levels should be a cakewalk to build up your confidence to continue on. But not DAIKATANA. It is tough from the get go even on easy mode! This game took 4 years to make and it was over-hyped.Even after the fact, this game should have been better.  If you are curious enough to buy DAIKATANA, get the Prima games Strategy book. You'll need it.
&quot;I am only left asking, &quot;how long until Daikaitaina 2? &quot;&quot; - Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha!I really tried to like this game.I felt like screaming &quot;Turn the lights on!&quot; during the first level. What a murky morass. I installed this game twice and I still can't stand it.What angers alot of gamers is this: We wonder what games didn't get made because &quot;Daikajokea&quot; sucked up so much cash?
Daikatana is to computer games as Battlefield Earth is to movies. The plot is one-dimensional and does not let you stray, even to the point of letting your supposedly smart teammates (read: more of a hindrance than a help), keep you back. If a man can't figure out how to walk in a straight line across a bridge, why should I trust him in a fight? Additionally, the enemy AI is alternately idiotic or lethal, with little balance between which road is taken. The weapons range from the interesting to the downright Twinkish. The program itself drains a system of precious resources to accomplish what most other games can outdo with less programming, and with better results. This is a game to avoid. For a truly good game experience, stick to something with more plot, better game engine, and more developed player-to-AI interface.P.S. That One star should be 0, thats right zero stars buddy.
I am going to make this short but true.  First off this game is HARD or at least what I played. this game is no Shoot them all like Quake 2 or anything.  I found this game Repugent.  I don't even want to try it again.  I don't care if you have 1000 weapons, if you can't beat the first stage  with Ease, then forget about the rest.  The Graphics in this game are  Dated back to the DOOM age.  This 5 year opus did not pan out like I  wanted.  I really thought John Romero actually had some skill but it seems  not.  The game might have good points but the save system (save only if you  have a crystal?) is an abomination.  This is a horrible idea which is seen  way too much in Console System games, but never should have made it to the  PC.  I admit Ion Storm Made has made a killer game (Deus Ex) but this one  is just a pile of turds.  Bargin Bin Box.  I also just want to close with  this.  We can now see the real genius behind Doom, and Doom 2, was John  Carmack, not John Romero.  Sorry about being rude and mean, but this game  is really horrible, and I just want to be honest.
OK, this game was meant to be out 2 and a half years ago but what ever way you look at it, even if it had came out when it did it would still have struggled to be competitive back then.What the creators have tried to  do is take a new approach by putting 4 games together in one through the  different ages played by the lead character. All of them are as bad as one  another. It plays like doom did and the AI is possibly the worst ever, in  an age when AI is as good as Theif and SS2. I think Pong had more  intelligent coding then Daikatana. Unlike games where you injure someone  and he runs to find his mate. Shoot a baddy in Daikatana and his mate will  stand lifelifeless next to him watching the world go by.I was hugehly  dissopointed as I thought this would be a rival to Half Life and would  easily be the best first person shooter of the year (to which Soldier Of  Fortune holds the crown so far for me). This game rivals Doom but I think  you'll find Doom is 10 times better!  Still, it gets a star for the 4 ages  idea and em... a star for the logo and nice box!I cant wait til Duke  Nukem Forever, if its as bad as this I'll cry!
It's technically competent, and indeed 'competent' is a good word. It's  just very, very uninspiring, and after a seemingly endless and tortuous  wait (the release was held back for three years, during which time many of  the creators left the company), it's a disappointment. Not a huge one, as  people were beginning to suspect that it might not be very good. Whilst  'Half-Life' had the advantage of suddenly appearing from nowhere,  Daikatana's gestation was extremely public, despite the 'it'll be ready  when it's ready' attitude. What's it like, though? Dull. That's what.  Whilst by no means as lacklustre as 'Blood 2', it's infected with an air of  carelessness. The graphics and sound are functional, the gameplay is no  more advanced or entertaining than 'Quake 2', the character AI and voice  acting are both simplistic and irritating (your sidekicks are infuriatingly  stupid, and their death instantly loses you the game) and, crucially, both  'Half-Life' and 'Soldier of Fortune' are much, much better, and cheaper.
Dont ever, ever buy this game! I knew it was going to be bad. So far this game beat the record for the shortest stay in my hard drive, even beating Trespasser by 2 days. A game that took 4 years to develop, well, you know  something's not right. Lets start with the graphics. Really very dated  OpenGL graphics. If this game came out 2 years ago, it would've been  awesome. Interface: No In-Game save. Only way to say your progress is by  picking up Save Gems. No Gems, no save. Control: Ok, so it's like any other  first person shooter which is why I gave this game it's one and only star.  AI: very very bad. Talk about having your AI teammates to back you up.  You'll be saving them most of the time instead of them helping you. Also,  there is a tendency that your artifical teammates to hit you by mistake.  Story: just watch the old TV series &quot;Time Tunnel&quot;. Overall: spend  your money on another game.
Come now, who here really thinks they put some time into designing this  game?  The game's story is as horrible as it is clich&eacute; and is being voice  acted by people that sound too much like a student film class working on a  mid-term project.Combat consistis of clicking your mouse button in timed  bursts or uning an asinine keybord interface to swing your weapon in three  different strengths.  Whee.Magic spell creation is novel, but quickly  become tedious and dangerous in the middle of combat when you're trying  like a madman (or madwoman) to heal yourself, but can't get the runes  lined-up in time.And even the graphics, which are nice, are loaded with  bugs.  In most cases, whenever an enemy would drop an item, the background  would spring 'holes' of black space around it and cause nemerous graphic  flaws until it would finally crash without explination.  Furthermore, some  enemies would become 'stuck' in some void on your screen preventing you  from being able to attack it!Overall, a terrible clone attempt at Diablo  that should make Eidos ashamed...and let's not even bring up Dikatana,  okay?
cool concept and neat setting aren't enough to make this worth a purchase. it was rushed out the door like no ones business and thus suffers from astounding slow down at time making the game unplayable, and thus broken. this game was so rushed they didn't even have time to put music, ANY music, in the game at all. this would have been a must have for dreamcast if it was given proper time but deadlines cut the guts out of this one.
It's sad. I always liked the Might and Magic (MM) series. It was fairly simple but the built-in journaling and mapping tools made it less of a pain than other RPGs. Unfortunately MM seems to be frozen in time and this version doesn't appear to have any changes from previous one. There is a new storyline, or more precisely, a new variation of a Might and Magic storyline but graphics, sound, monsters, spells, skills and interface at all the same. I couldn't get the game run with DirectX under Windows 2000, software mode only, although the game is listed as NT-compatible. Keyboard shortcuts would stop working and occasional clipping problems got me stuck and forced a reload to get out. The sound is what really drove me crazy. The character voices can be cut off but not the NPCs. I'll have 'Have a pleasant evening!" ringing in my head for years.For die-hard Might and Magic fanboys only.
I'm a huge fan of the TR series, and I like the movies  as well. TR1 and TR2 were the best in terms of story, pacing and action. The CG sequences were cooler too.  I hate to say it, but I'm disappointed in this game. TOO SLOW! The levels go on forever, and there's nothing to keep your interest. Ocassionally you will have a ninja jump out at you, or some scorpians, but that's not enough to keep you interested.The other problems is the levels require too much backtracking and are too complicated. I got stuck numerously and ending up getting a code off the internet to skip levels.  The beginning of the game shows promise with young Lara, and there is a very cool level where Lara has to manuver a jeep in the desert and over cliffs and whatnot.I don't know what I can recommend instead of this one, but I would say rent it or get it for cheap like $5 or less used or new. She tomb raids for too long with little payoff.
I, like most who have played this game, am a huge fan of the Tomb Raider series.  I especially enjoy the puzzle solving of the first game and the action/adventure element and increased pace of the second one.  This series starts off promisingly enough.  Outside of a mandatory (groan) training level, the game eases you into the tried-and-true Tomb Raider gameplay we all have grown to love.  The environments are large and exciting, the puzzles clever.  Exploration is fun and rewarding, and progress is logical.  For the first 6 or 7 hours.  The challenge level really picks up after the VERY neat train level, and in fact starts to become downright maddening.  Do we really have to backtrack for 3 hours just to find 7 scattered items required to make it through to the next level?  Things get flat-out obnoxious at the Chambers Of Tulun and the Trenches.  This area goes something like this: rope swing to hit a switch that unlocks an invincible guy in a room.  Go to the Citadel Gate level to obtain a nitrous oxide canister.  Return to the Chambers and go to the Trenches.  Obtain the nitrous oxide feeder.  Return to the Chambers of Tulun to obtain the roof key.  Go back to the Trenches to get to the Street Bazaar.  Get the car jack and mine detonator so you can get back to the Trenches.  And so on and so on and so on.  Is this mad jumble of item dispersion that is being passed for level design really necessary?  I really enjoy the high challenge level of the Tomb Raider series, but this is ridiculous.  If I didn't have a strategy guide with me, I wouldn't have made it to the Citadel (which is where I am right now).  This game is loads of fun for about 20 or 25 levels; afterwards, it becomes a chore to play.  The graphics and presentation have not been improved drastically since the first Tomb Raider, and the legendary level design has regressed considerably.  Many spots feel cheap, rather than challenging.  Control, while still functional, still isn't perfect, and it causes every jump to be deliberate and nerve-wracking.  If you miss and survive, then you have to make another series of jumps, which can take another 10 minutes just to get back to where you originally were.  I could go on and on, but this game is just too much.  Get this only if you're a die-hard TR fan; but be prepared to fork out some extra cash for a strategy guide.
I have little patience when it comes to games like this.  Makes me wish I hadn't bought it and I am still trying to get rid of it.  Before buying take mine I will mail it to you before I hurl it through the wall.  EGM  said this was a good game and usually they are right.  Well they blew it  this time.  Don't get me wrong it might be fun.  Good concept, interesting  story,  Terribly frustrating gameplay and absolutely ridiculous boss  fights.  I never knew the playstation load time to be this irritating until  I died 50 times in a row.  O' YE OF LITTLE PATIENCE AVOID THIS ONE!
I am totally at a loss for this game.  On one hand it has so many original idea's in terms of both plot and gameplay (And has the closest thing to a sim dating game we'll probably ever see), but the way you actually play it leaves me at a loss for words.  It's not that the battle system makes no sense, or is bad even, it's the leveling up that confuses me.  You don't get stronger when you level up.  Your defense gets weaker when you level up.  You get more health but you seem to loose more health at the same token too.  I'm am at a loss that the creaters of this game could make so many good idea's and make them so poor because they can't figure out commen sense when it comes to leveling up.If you want an RPG that's original get this...just don't exspect to get anywhere with it.
the game its self was good but the ending was such a letdown i had fun playing it making the girls mad but the ending was just so bad that it killed the whole game for me i played 40 hours into it
Never before in my gaming experience have I been turned off from a game in the first minute of game play.The biggest pro in this game is the fact that you can fart and burp and that, my friends, is a sad, sad thing indeed.The programmers could have saved the gaming community the misery and not released this albatross at all. Heck, I probably would have paid them the 5 bucks I bought it for not to put it on the market and it would have been a win-win for everyone.I love GTA. It's a great game, but why does the '88 NES Super Mario Bros. have superior graphics to a PS1 game from 1999. It defies rational explanation and this game defies all rationality itself.I am ashamed to call this a GTA game or even a product from Rockstar.
Well I bought this mainly cause I always liked the soundtrack from it and I thought it was cool that U could just slap it right into a cd player and listen to it. Like tomb raider 1, Loaded, etc Well with the greatest hits version, that's not possible. Not only is that not possible but it has a totally different soundtrack on it. I used PSXMC to listen to it. so never really liked the game because of the 2d style gameplay, definitely don't like it now since they change the soundtrack and stuff on it. Greatest Hits disk SUXS!! it did come with all the manuals, case, etc.
This game looks like it was made in 5 minutes. It has horrible graphics, and barley any improvments from the first Grand Theft Auto. If you like this type of free-for-all shootem up, pick up the amazing GTA 3, (my all-time favorite) for the PS2.
Given that I have upset many people with my controversial view of this (cough) classic I decided to give it a second chance.Let's see let's put it through the test.Graphics: 1 out of 5 (it fits on the Gameboy Color, that's pathetic for a PSX)Sound: 1 out of 5 (fairly decent sound effects, bad music)Controls: 1 out of 5 (these are the worst controls ever)Fun Factor: 1 out of 5 (I still returned it the next day)So there you have it.  This is a very bad game and I would rather have my tounge frozen to a pole with rabid poodles knawing at my ankles than play this again.  Word of advice, buy a PS2 and get Grand Theft Auto 3, you will not regret that financial investment.
Do not buy this game. Seriously. People might try to tell you it all great and dandy, but as a very heavy gamer, I think I can honestly rate it as one of the worst games I have ever played.The graphics were terrible, even for playstation, the difficulty was ridiculous and through the roof, your teammates were slow and stupid and the enemies all shot far more accurately then you could.The difficulty was even backward, from everything I have read on the game- easy was hard and hard was easy. It was like the game wasn't even finished.Now the game might not be that bad if it just let you relax and stealth through a mission. But, no, every map has an absurdly short timer, forcing you to run headlong from start to finish, shooting wildly at everything around you, trying to get to the end before your team gets slaughtered or the time runs out.I only ever managed to beat the first mission once- and im pretty good at shooter games- but the second mission was only that much worse.I have a rule, that I keep every game I own (rather then trading it in) forever and ever because you never know when one day you might want to go back and play it again. This is probably the only game I've ever owned that broke that rule. When I think of what the worst game I ever played was, this is usually what comes to mind.The sound was terrible, the graphics were terrible, the controls were terrible, the difficulty was terrible, the TIMER was terrible, what little I seen of the AI was not impressive- teammates killing themselves like always- and even the lighting was terrible, forcing you to stare at this strange vista of green and black all the time.You want a playstation one stealth shooter? Try Metal Gear Solid, or syphon filter, or anything. Anything at all.Please, I'm warning you, don't buy this game. Not even for 1 dollar, because it will only tempt you into the torture of playing it. You will get far more pleasure out a dollar double cheeseburger anyhow.
I don't want to diss anyone who likes this game, but I can't really see much good in this game.  The graphics are not really anything speical.  It seems almost impossible to see the enemy and you find your self being shot and you can't see the enemy until you've had a major loss of life.  The control is rather overly complicated and isn't exactly user freindly.  The sound is okay, but it seems to make you a little tence.  The game is near impossible even on easy difficultys.  I have owned the game for quite a long time and still haven't beaten the first level by myself.  The missons seem a bit vague and you think &quot;okay... what the heck do I do now?&quot; too often.  When I play this, I can't help but get frustrated and it always feels like the game's fault.....  Even if you are in to army stuff, you might want to rent this first.  If this is your kind of thing, I recomend Medal of Honor: Underground or Syphon Filter.
I love war type games, and when my brother bought this, I thought it was going to be great. I guess I was expecting a bit much, maybe a lot much. The game's graphics are putrid. awful sounds, and [weak] gameplay. No good plots either. Enemies have the strangest ability of shooting through trees and small hills at you, but you can't shoot them. It took two days to finish it. It was the worst I have played.The upside - . . .Wait, what upside?The downside - About everything. If you are thinking of buying the game, do yourself a favor and rent it first. You might just kick yourself about it later.
I played this game years ago, but I never got to where I am right now! I'm at the part where you should float on top of the pipes to get to Zephon's Lair, and one thing is that there is almost no way to get past that part; if you're lucky, you will make it the first time, if not, you will be trying over 500 times, nothing!This game can also be frustrating as in difficulty, you can get lost very easily! I just do not recommend this game, unless you love to deal with bugs! Avoid at all costs!
Looking for rise off of naked blue men with green capes reminding you of your hero to save you. Well this game is for you. I first got introduced by one of my friends I mean an acquaintance. His favorite games soon showed me that he really wasn't all that bright. He said (In a gay womenly voice) "Hey try this game out." So I said hey what the hell. As I took it home I hid it away so no one would see it. So I popped it into my Playstation and even it rejected it. So after a couple of trys it finally ran. So the title screen appeared...I never knew this was an alien/vampire porno flick. The idea of impailing naked green "Slaughs" as their called in the game isn't my idea of a thrill. After killing them their balls shoot out numbing the mind into thinking why the main character would have to eat them to gain energy. Wow now I know im scared. Then the mysteriousnes of tredding through the two mystical worlds (one retarted...another more retarted) is as amazing as tredding through a piece of sh*t. Answer me this: If a vampire/gay alien, has his mouth ripped off how can he eat balls or talk? Its amazing!! "Feed on the balls of your enemies" "Explore the vast pieces of crap and an extra bonus its a ball buffet!!" The main character is not only a gay alien but is supposedly a vampire. His arch enemy is another vampire but is about...I don't know a billion times better then him (Just a rough estimate). The most amazing complex part of the gameplay is his amazing three hit combo. WOW THREE HITS!! Then press x to dodge/lunge and triangle to impale. Oh the complexity. My mind strains over this sh*t. Well if you like to get off to blue alien like men...Go for but I suggest you don't waist your money.
Take a game made by someone else, change it, use the Tomb Raider engine, add some nonsense and you have the so-called LOK series.The only game in this series worth mentioning and playing is Blood Omen, the rest of these are Tomb Raider Engine based made by someone else (not Silicon Knights the Creators).
I really wanted to like this game. I wanted to play it ever since I got my Dreamcast. After many delays, it finally came out, so I rented it. Thank God I did. I'm sorry to report, but this is a horrible game. But why? Here's why: 1. The Graphics. While they're certainly not the worst I've ever seen, they really leave too much to be desired, especially for the fact that this is a Dreamcast game. You can see the polygons sticking out of the characters and they don't look real at all. I've seen N64 games that look better than this. Heck, I've seen Playstation games that look better. 2. The Controls. They are the worst part of this game. Using the X, Y, B, and A buttons to move isn't bad, but on default, A moves foward and Y moves back. But that's not all. With almost unuseable menus and 37 commands put into the Dreamcast controller, it makes the game a REAL pain to learn and makes it barely playable. I can assure you, the controls are much worse than they sound. Plus, the loading times are too darn long. But there's a good part to the game. The sounds are very good and draw you into the action. But that's it. I was hoping for a good spy game like Goldeneye, but on Dreamcast, but I just wasn't that lucky. Don't bother wasting your time with this piece of junk. Instead, skip it and go immediately to Perfect Dark. Trust me, you'll be glad you did.
The absolute worst Dreamcast game I have ever played. I would not even take this game if it was given to me for free.
In Rainbow Six, you assemble a highly skilled team of anti terrorist commandos, plan out your assault and then control one or more of the team as you commence your invasion.The critical item to note here is that the majority of the game is spent choosing your team, equiping them properly and then planning out the raid.  This is not Syphon Filter where you jump into a room of bad guys and blaze away.  You can be killed in a single shot.  Once the action begins, you can play any one of the raid team that is engaging the enemy, otherwise the sophisticated computer AI will guide them according to your plans.I agree with the reviews that suggest that you rent this game first.  It is very detailed and realistic.  If you don't want to spend hours analyzing and preparing the missions, then you wont't appreciate the game's considerable depth.I find that the detail level does not lend itself well to the standard dreamcast controller.  There are too many things to do and the interface layout is awkward without a keyboard and mouse.  I also found that the action part of the game (moving the aiming cursor) was overly sensitive and very frustrating to use.The other reason that this game does not rate highly for me was the poor, boxey graphics and the medicore sound.  They just do not take advantage of the Dreamcast capabilities.  On the otherhand, the game does have a lot of replay value and very sophisticated AI.
I bought this game because I had lost my original and I wanted to play it again. The day I got it I played it for 3 Hours! I had so much fun. Then the next day I wanted to play with it again. But when I went to play it, My data did not save and I thought it was maybe because I played it on the Gamecube. So I took out my gameboy color and played it again. I played and then saved. I turned it back on within 5 minutes and it said my data saved so I thought my problem was done. But then I turned it back on within 8 hours and everything again was deleted. I tried to play it on my Gameboy Advance SP and it did the exact same thing as the Gameboy Color. I just contacted the Buyer to see if I could get a refund or my money Back. I am pissed that it didn't work and I wasted my money on it. But I am sad too because I love this game and I wanted to play it. Make sure your game saves before you play it for 3 hours :(UPDATE: I did receive a refund for the game back on my Card. I paid shipping and Handling to send it back.
I had this game a while ago. I loved it almost as much as I loved the SNES version. I liked being able to play a girl, and to get a cat, and I also liked that this was back when you could decently play the game and turn a good in-game profit WITHOUT the optional help of the sprites (all other HM recently, I've noticed you NEED them...I'd rather do the farming myself than pay a stupid lil sprite to do it)...but I was sorely disappointed that the marriage system is completely missing from this game.And thats not the worst of it...This is a 'real time' game, and after a while, either it decides you're not playing enough, or the time system just breaks...either way, unless you play it almost nonstop, it will start killing your plants and your livestock will mysteriously hate you.Its good fun while it lasts...but it doesn't last long enough to even win it.
I thought the game was dull. It wasn't even scary! The storyline was weak and really didn't have a point to it. The playing screen was also small but the graphics were good. It needs more excitement and adventure. Overall, I was disapointed.
I really can't believe that this game has received four stars from Amazon reviewers.I had high expectations of this game because of the many positive reviews and the cheap price. The expectations where totally deflated when I realized how small the actually screen display was while playing the game. I've never had to deal with such an annoying small display ever in my PC gaming experience. Along with the poor dialogue and story, the opening was even worse. Every time you restart the game after quitting, you are taken to the beginning screen, when you should be taken to the load/save option. I admit this is a small detail to dislike, but none the less, it is unacceptable for an adventure game.Some puzzles were very difficult to solve. I had to replay the 1940's scene many times just to get my idiotic character to say one particular line just so I could move the radio dial to enter a room, which would enable me to finally finish the scenario in one minute.The somewhat creepy sounds and music, and the fact that it deals with the paranormal are the only reasons why I rate this game with two stars...
After the hated Mortal Kombat Annihilation which I can have fun with it's a guilty pleasure & it follows The  Mortal Kombat 3 storyline to a small extent they changed too much made characters like Jade in name only & added fan fiction. Now movies based on video games about all of them just suc k. Ok a movie  won't hurt the games but you had other stuff going on like the cartoon on USA network Defenders Of The Relm that doesn't hold it's not even a guilty pleasure. I remember they had Conquest which that was garbage I can't even remember it. What about the games well Mortal Kombat 4 did good in the arcades & was released on N 64 PS1 in summer 98 it really didn't do the business that Midway or The Mortal Kombat Team wanted. John Tobias who was the writer for The Mortal Kombat games around 1997 wanted to do these character driven adventure games which means prequels which I'm sorry I don't like prequels. I didn't like these adventure games I haven't ever played Monks or whatever although I've heard good things about it. In 1997 Mortal Kombat Mytholgies was released & it's a giant clunker bad controlls couldn't make your jumps you couldn't pull off your moves just an extremely bad game. Mortal Kombat Special Forces was released in 2000. John Tobias wasn't happy where the franchise was going I guess Ed Boon wanted Mortal Kombat to get with the times. John Tobias wanted to make his adventure games he left right in the middle of production of this game. John Tobias took part of the MK Team with him. Ed Boon went ahead rushed it got John Vogel to write the rest & what we got was a terrible train wreck mess of game. It deals with Jax & Sonya who are after Kano. I'm going off of memory when I played this game like 8 or 9 years ago. You play as Jax & well you get terrible controlls you can't turn around when your getting attacked from behind so you get pwnd. I remember you had solve password to get in buildings & I could never get them to work that's all I remember oh & my as  s  got burned to he  ll by a boss. I didn't complete this game it was that awful.  That's what all I can  remember if anybody out there want's to send me this game as gift that's fine I can give a better review but I wouldn't play it right away. But Mortal Kombat gets back on track when evil comes in 2.
I love Mortal Kombat. I really do. I have always been a huge fan of the franchise,but I am very sorry to say,the MK "adventure" games sucked.  Is there anything good to say about THIS game??? No. Nothing at all,of course. It's just as bad as MK Mythologies and MK Shaolin Monks. ...maybe even a little worse than those two. The gameplay is absolutley awful. It is unplayable! The controls will make you wanna throw the controller through your TV screen. It's almost impossible to control Jax,let alone fight. The storyline is about how Jax and Sonya have to go after Kano,or some kind of bullcrap like that. The graphics are eye-aching. Just terrible. Bad gameplay,bad controls,bad story,bad graphics=very very bad game! The konquest modes in MK Deception and MK Armageddon were more fun and better than this!
Oh wow....I remember playing this colossal flaming pile of turd. A friend of mine rented this game from Blockbuster for a couple of days. And I wished we both could have taken back the time we wasted.They had great ideas for this game: You take Sub Zero from the Mortal Kombat series, use this opportunity to tell people more about his back story and his battle against monks, set it in cool locales and incorporate MK inspired game play and controls in an action adventure, side scroller with light RPG influences. What could possibly go wrong??? How about....EVERYTHING in this game.First off, Sub Zero walks and controls like a robot. Second, this game uses every button on the controller (you even have a separate button to hit when you want him to face the direction to walk!) Third, you unlock his special moves as you progress through the game and while many use the same directional pad + button combinations in Mortal Kombat, they are 100 times harder to pull off. The bosses are petty damn hard so expect to die a lot. The graphics and sound do their job in setting the mood for the game, while the music is standard MK and kung fu inspired theatrical sounding. The PS1 version features full motion cut-scenes between the stages you fight in while the N64 gets the standard static artwork.I give it two stars for the cool music and graphics for its time. But that alone will not make a great game. You may be tempted to pick this up if you love Mortal Kombat and the price is right. DON"T DO IT!! This is an example of how Midway had great ideas for this game but executed these great ideas very poorly.
I admit I did put hours into this game being the hugh Mortal Kombat fan that I am. Gosh I'm sure happy this embarrassing MK game didn't ruin Subzero's career. It is a side scroller in which you are faced with many evil monks (oh, and they're all twins for some reason)..Subzero has many power-ups that prove useless. The mega-sized bosses are boring to fight (oh, and they never die for some reason). Due to the fact that the game supplies no level maps (how generic) a strategy guide would be a must, that is if you cared to bother with the game in the first place. Two good things did come about from this MK disaster.. Quan Chi & Shinnok. For Mortal Kombat that is a must see "MK4" or the new "MK Deadly Alliance". Leave this one in the past where it never should have spawned. 2 1/2 stars is as high as I could go. I'm generous.
For those of you who don't know, you play the game as one of three towering monsters, a werewolf, giant lizard or giant ape and the point is to destroy cities across the world. Sure the original arcade game is a classic, with lots of punching and smashing to offer, however this game "world tour" does not have much to offer in terms of fun. Its fun for about the first five or ten minutes, beating, smashing, punching and kicking, then the reality sets in that this is a tedious game. There are over 100 cities and each city is not just a screen, it's a side scrolling level! It wouldn't be so bad if the enemies were not horrendous! Its not just ten enemies on a screen at once, its about thirty to fifty at some points, shooting, bombing, flame throwing, flying and stomping you. The entire game despite being 100 cities can be defeated in a single day but does have a save feature with the memory packs. There is a nice plus though, lots of moves to learn and master, lots of detail, each city looks unique and features landmarks of that city and it is very educational for children to learn geographical locations. Don't pay more than ten bucks for this game though.
I'm ordering this game on super NES on Ebay. It's only $3. I heard it was good so I want it. I'm also buying Ultimate MK3 and MK Annihilation. It's only $5 all together. I'm SO MAD that Baraka isn't in it. At least Kung Lao is in it. I like his friendship where he throws his hat like a frisbee. Nightwolf's friendship is cool too where he juggles his hammers. I like Sindel's animality. I am SO buying this game.
I purchased this awful gameboy game 15 years hoping it would be as good as it's predecessor-but no such luck!MK3 does'nt have a link cable option(like it's 2 predecessors before)nor does it have any SGB enhancements(border,color,sound).Though it incorporates the same digitize graphics and sound as Gameboy's THQ's Super Return Of The Jedi-which 2 sucked.Nevertheless,pick up MK2 instead.
To start off this review, let me tell you that I bought Mortal Kombat 4 for the Game Boy before 3. It had lousy AI, good graphics, bland music, semi-unresponsive controls, and 3 difficulty modes: Novice, Warrior, and Master. But, it was good enough to get 3 stars.What I found to be strange was that Mortal Kombat 3 on the Game Boy had several similarities to 4. The only differences are: Different characters and setting, badder music, and the controls a bit more unresponsive. Everything else seems to be the same. It's not like it's a direct sequel, is it? I mean, the MegaMan series always had the same gameplay sequel after sequel. But I don't recall Mortal Kombat series having the almost exact same things.The graphics are good. The characters are digitized, like how they were in the previous games.The gameplay, however, can be unresponsive.Like all other Game Boy Mortal Kombats, this game would be short. You only get to fight 9 characters in Master mode, 7 in Warrior, and 5 in Novice.The best attack to use is just kicking. That's kinda sad. Usually, the uppercut would be the best standard attack to use, but no. Instead, it's KICKING.However, even after all this, it would manage to have some appeal.Overall, it's alright, but if you want a great Mortal Kombat game for the Game Boy, buy MK2 instead.
First of all...let me say,that I am a HUGE MK fan,but oh my god...this game sucks! This is a TERRIBLE version of MK3.The fighters move VERY slowly and it is SOOOO HARD to pull off a single special move...let alone a fatality!!! The sound is terrible,the music is all muffled.Although the graphics are decent,this game is a komplete letdown.If you want a great MK game for the Game Boy,pass this piece of krap up and buy Mortal Kombat II instead.It's A WHOLE LOT BETTER!!!
Wow this sucks pretty bad, i liked mk2 on gameboy and thought if anything this would be an impove ment. I was wrong... everything moves god awful slow and moves are so easy to do. I thought nintendo would have not edited this game (unlike the first 2 mk games) and put some blood in, it even had an M rating , but once again i was wrong. No blood no guts, isn't that what set MK apart form most fighting games?? The graphics aint bad and neither is the music, but the gameplay ruins all that in a heart beat. dont't even bother.,.....
I don't know where to begin. This is, like, the worst game I have ever played in my life. The graphics suck, the gameplay reeks, the sound is pathetic, and on top of it all, the characters are given no respect whatsoever as they are designed badly and their moves don't work the way I, them, or anyone would want them to. If you like Mortal Kombat(like I do)stick to games like Deadly Alliance and Deception. I mean, Mortal Kombat Advance was crummy, but it was three times better than this piece of trash. You want the true MK games. DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON AN INSULT TO THE SERIES SUCH AS THIS!!
Mortal Kombat 4 is the first 3D game of the series. Despite that, the Game Boy version is still 2D.The graphics are good. The characters are digitized, like how they were in the previous games.The gameplay, however, can be unresponsive.Like all other Game Boy Mortal Kombats, this game would be short. You only get to fight 9 characters in Master mode, 7 in Warrior, and 5 in Novice.The best attack to use is just kicking. That's kinda sad. Usually, the uppercut would be the best standard attack to use, but no. Instead, it's KICKING.The enemy AI is way too easy to beat. I got through Master mode without any trouble. Granted, they can attack almost decently, but just throw 5 kicks and then it's possible he/she'd die. It can be glitchy when it comes to fighting Scorpion and Shinnok. You can still attack them even while they use their "Get over here" attacks on you. It doesn't look like you are, but then you see the enemy's HP draining. If you attack them by just mashing A repeatedly, and kill them, you somehow use your fatality.For some reason, I just manage to get addicted to this game. I don't know how, but I just ended up like that.There are a couple special stuff in the game when played on the Super Game Boy:-Special and cool-looking 16-Bit border-Colors change every screen to appropriate colorsWhen played on the Game Boy Color, the colors make very detailed backgrounds.Overall, buy MK2 instead.
This is a TERRIBLE version of Mortal Kombat 4! The graphics are awful,the sound and music is ear aching,and the gameplay is beyond hideous.This plays just like MK3 did on the gameboy...like total krap! Actually,it may even be worse than MK3! Avoid this at all costs!
Just give up, this game is so bad i dont how it got a seal of quality. Its MK3 remade. choppy terrible graphics, horrible sound, moves, and everything else. I can't even tell which character im choosing!! You can tell they put noo effort into this game at all. If you want a fighting game try street fighter alpha on Gbc, and stay far away from this!!!
Okay is this a April fools joke this game is terrible mortal kombat in 3D what were they thinking this game is bad really bad mk4 in 3D that just puts the other ones to shame. so midway check your mk games before bringing them out because this game just sucks don't even buy it i don't recommend it to any mk fan the controls are terrible so i could go on but theres so much wrong with this game that's why i gave it 1 stars
Mortal Kombat Trilogy was a popular game back in the early days of the Playstation's existence. Even before the Playstation Mortal Kombat was known as a groundbreaking game for its graphic violence on the Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis. It was the first of its kind, or one of the first. Looking back at the old 2D fighter games, despite the heavy amount of blood and all the creative fatalities, Mortal Kombat STINKS, plain and simple. The game tries to look dangerous and back in the day it really WAS a threat. Parents were terrified that their children might experience all the blood and gore.We're talking nearly 14 years since the original Mortal Kombats release, and now we can look at the Mortal Kombat series for what it really is: a cheesy-looking and crappy series of uninteresting tournament fighting. That's what the entire series is (until the game turned 3D, then I don't know WHAT to think). Just the way the two fighters attack each other is SO boring. Even the best fighters like Sub-Zero and Noob Saibot are a total bore.Midway thought they really had something going when they created Mortal Kombat Trilogy. It featured nearly EVERYBODY from the previous Mortal Kombat games. How can it be bad? Well, besides the reasons I mention above, the Playstation version is murdered with INCREDIBLE amounts of loading times. People can say the Playstation was a bad system when it came to loading all they want, but the fact remains Mortal Kombat Trilogy is quite possibly the most annoying game when it comes to waiting to play the freaking thing. Sometimes you have to wait almost a minute before the game *finally* loads the fight screen. And the fighting is so bad (because the entire Mortal Kombat series up until this point is severely dated and horrible) that the loading times are actually the part I look forward to the most.I'll give the game one extra point for featuring all the fighters in one nifty little package. Besides that. BAD game.
This game is not the version I remember. It feels very clunky and the load times are hardly tolerable. Try another version for your MK3 fix.
I don't know how people are rating this game so highly.  I am a huge MK fan, but this game defines why I try to forget that MK3 and UMK3 came into existence.  This is an absolutely horribly programmed one player game.  The computer controlled players anticipate and counter every single move you do even on very easy!  You have to pick Motaro just to make it to the end, and then who had the brilliant idea of giving Shao Kahn a throw-there goes the one way you could beat him with most players.  Avalance software must have spent one day configuring the AI for this stinker.  Then, to make matters worse, the Playstation D-pad controls like a tuna boat in a boat race.  Good luck not breaking your controller as you watch your character get decimated and wonder why the move you tapped in did not work, over and over again.  Then after I finally beat the game with Scorpion, the machine crashed twice so who knows if he has an ending or not.The only reason I gave it two stars, is that with two people you do get an almost arcade perfect MK experience, but you still deal with the absolutely ridiculous characters of MK3 and UMK3 and all its palette swaps.  My advice is to turn off aggressor mode as well as all of those cheap auto combos and pretend you are playing MKII with some extra backgrounds.
I first bought this game in a Hastings book store a long time ago and I've been a Mk fan for quit some time, so I went ahead and bought it thinking "This is great! I've got MK trilogy that has all of my favorite characters in it. And Midway makes really great games.(LOL) And I managed to find it in a five dollar bin. This is truly a lucky day for me."Until I played it....Then as time went on, I kept it in my basement, and then one day I decided to bring it out because I hadn't played it in a while and I forgotten all of the moves. So I went to the options menu and put it on a pansy level so I can get the feel for it again. Then I remembered why I put it the basement. What I should have done was bury it in the back yard, never to see the light of day again.As soon as the first round said "FIGHT" I might as well thrown in the towel. The game was gracious enough thou to just stand there for two seconds and let me get one shot in even thou I was 99.9% dead anyway, I mean, what the F is the point?!I don't even think the skill level even works.The only way to make it up the ladder without facing brutalities and stage fatalities is if you were to play as Kintaro, (he's your best bet.)If you play as Motaro you will get your a** handed to you literally! (Pun intended).  The A.I. actually puts any character to uppercut him and send him flying almost out of view of the screen! But if you were to uppercut the A.I. Motaro, he only staggers, can't have him flying into the air, oh no, that would require fairness in the game.MK has been known for the (copy and paste) routine on characters, and MK Trilogy is the crowning achievement of it. The male and female ninjas, and if a guy has a bike helmet and armor pads that they bought down over at Wal-Mart and calling them cyborg ninjas, you know this is a cheap a** game. What the hell was this game made off of, a 50$ budget? I guess Wal-Mart was selling helmets and bike armor pads on a half off sale.If the Matrix was to take a glitchy $H&%, I'm sure that it would look something like this. I can actually hear my PS one groaning as it loads the next game, and that happens every minute. If that PS could talk it'd say; "Oh god, please get this F-ing virus out of me!" Hell I think that a virus would actually improve this game, sense there's little it could do to F-up an already broken a** game.I can see now why it was in five dollar bin, but I remember that there was a trash bin next to it, and if I knew then before I bought it, I would have said; "Hey, this is in the wrong bin."Its hard to take this gory game seriously if that douche bag Dan Fordan's big fat head keeps popping out saying "Toasty." I wouldn't be a damn bit surprised if I saw Charley Sheen pop-out of the corner and say; "Already got your money dude."And when it says on the back of the game. "Seven humiliating stage fatalities that sends your opponent plummeting to there embarrassing death." That's you, your the opponent. The A.I. will make sure of that.As for brutalities, who the hell takes the time to flush there life away to memorize twelve different moves just to do one lousy move so a guy explodes? Wow. I never seen five skulls and twenty femur bones pop out of a guy a before. Apparently Ed or one of the designers of this pile of $*#& game, doesn't know a damn thing about the human anatomy. Its bad enough that you have to remember all the fatalities and trademark moves, now this?To sum it up.The game play was awful.The A.I. is cheap.Glitchy as hell.They copy and paste the characters as they always do.The option menu is useless.The video resolution looks like it was filmed through a potato.The audio is average.And the story sucked.Forget water-boarding. Forget Guantanamo bay. It doesn't even come close to torture compared to this game. S*#$, force a terrorist to play this game for 8 hours strait, and he'll tell you on how to cure any form of cancer.I would not recommend this game to anyone, unless you want to yell at your TV screen all night.
Mortal Kombat Mythologies sucked just as much as the other MK Adventure games.Those being of course,Special Forces and Shaolin Monks.The storyline in this game is set years and years before the first MK Tournament took place.I guess you could call it a pre-quel.The gameplay is absolutley terrible.The controls are very unresponsive and there are WAY too many cheap hits that you take in this game.MKM mixes both repetive digitized graphic gameplay and awful acting in FMV sequences.As many have said,this game is extremly difficult.Hell,I had a VERY hard time beating it,with cheat codes...and with it being on very easy.All this mostly due to all the cheap hits that you get hit with by different enemies.There is also puzzle solving as well.Most of which will have you pulling out your hair.Overall,This game is crap and you shouldn't waste one dollar on it.Avoid this and the other two MK adventure titles as well.
This controler stinks.  The joystick is messed up and turned at a slight angle (so you have to go slightly up and right to go straight up), the rubber grips fall off in the first week, and worst of all, it's confusing.  I tried programing the buttons (because it's &quot;fully programable&quot;) and believe it or not it works!  sure you can't train whole sets of commands (like moves in fighting games) in, only replot the buttons but it works.  The only problem comes in when you accidently press the clear button with a light in it and all of the sudden, none of the buttons perform the X action.  Then, this controller will probably be unplugged and sent to the attic just like mine.  Enjoy!:(
It's pretty simple, here. Ultima games only became worth purchasing beginning with Ultima 7. So you want three games if want old-school Ultima: Ultima 7, Ultima 7 Serpents Isle, and Ultima 8. The rest of the titles are just garbage, and that they want to charge a fortune for them now is just laughable. Is anybody really buying this? And will your PC even play the older titles? And would you even want it to? They're bad. I mean, really, really, bad.This is a nostalgia purchase, nothing more. It is to witness the evolution of RPG gaming, but definitely not to empty your bank account doing it.Ultima 7 and Ultima 7 Serpents Isle are still great fun to play; Ultima 8? A little less so, mostly because it is smaller in scope. This is where the Baldur's Gate Series began, which eventually spawned the Elder Scroll Games, so there is an historical component. Still, it's just not worth this price. I might pay ten bucks or so to play these titles again (maybe). Yeah, maybe.
For starters this is an ok game....nothing more.  The controls and gameplay suck hard compared to Quake and DOOM, the storyline sucks hard compared to Quake or DOOM and the multiplayer sucks hard compared to Quake or DOOM.  So go play Quake or DOOM :)
I used to love playing Quake 2. I played it for hours on end. When I heard about it's impending release in 1997, I was stoked and could hardly wait for it to come out. And what did I do when it did? I played it AT LEAST 3 to 4 days a week from 1997 to early 2002. And guess what? I became freakin sick of it! I do not want to play this game ever again for the rest of my existence on this earth!! (Well, at least for 10 years or so) My point is, after you log hours and hours of gameplay, it starts to get old. FAST. Quake 2 may be a legendary game but I warn you don't overindulge. Play Max Payne, Deus Ex or Unreal Tournament 2003 instead.
I remember getting Hydro Thunder when it first came out on Sega Dreamcast. Even when I had bought it new (a long time ago), I wasn't too impressed. It was okay....But not a stand out in my opinion. It was like if Daytona USA (which I think is better) was transitioned into a water racer. And for a Dreamcast game, it sure looks visually like the N64's typical graphics. The gameplay was simple controller-wise. And game-wise it was simple & repetitive. This is a game you'd get more value out of, by playing against friends. Obviously a fair amount of people would dissagree w/ my opinions. While others may have similar thought's on this title. I'd say get it if:You find it for only a couple dollars.Your in need of adding games to your Dreamcast library.Or, you have played it or a game like it...and liked it!
This is one of 530 reviews so if you read this I consider myself lucky.  Alright lets get to it.  First off, it was a nice idea.  Finally a game that focused on loving and caring, without being sexual, and helping your fellow man.  However I think that this is all they focused on in production.  The game, and this is sad for a Final Fantasy, is bad.  I'm sorry but it reeks.  SquareSoft is running out of orginal ideas and it is showing.  Although, the ideas were innovative.  Enemies that level up with your characters.  Never will your characters be gods over an enemy.  Unless it's a boss.  For some odd reason boss levels are limited.  So a player can beef up their characters all they want and then beat the messout of the boss without worry.  The Guardian Forces, while still a nice idea, were poorly planned.  A GF is like a Pokemon (in a sick sadistic way).  It gains levels with your character and through it your character can gain abilities.  Problem is GFs can quickly make their 'host' gods very quickly.  At level 15 my main character's strength was through the roof because not only did he have Ifirt equipped but all his strength increases too.  He could cut down enemies in one blow!  While that's nice it takes away from the difficulty of the game.  The battle system is a nightmare too.  If I have to push buttons to get more damage done, then why don't you just program the game to register the extra damage.  Granted this only applies to Squall but it gets very annoying to have to mash buttons to get a character's strength up.  I hated it in Super Mario RPG and I hate it in this game.  The GF spells have to be pumped up if you want it to do any serious damage.  What happened to watching the nice animations and appreciating the work of the artists who designed them.  The story line is my next pet peeve.  The strength of an RPG comes from the story not the gameplay.  The story in this game is shoddy.  Picture a writer with the exact opposite abilities of John Grisham or Micheal Crichton.  It is that bad.  Not only do you have to mash buttons in the battles but you have to mash buttons to get past the annoying long dialouge exchanges (that seem to be written by a pre-schooler with help from their friends).  It is worse than Parasite Eve 2's story.  At least they tried.  I'm done with my tirade now.  You want the truth, this game is not worth [price], it isn't even worth the rental.  Go to a friend who owns this poor excuse for a game and play it there or borrow it.  For those who saw the Charlie's Angels movie.  This is the game the two (since when is it two player) kids are playing when Barrymore pays them a visit.
Final Fantasy 8 is the worst of the entire final fantasy series.As far as game play goes it holds up poorly. Getting new items equip is not a part  of the system even though you can get items to upgrade your weapons nothing  gets done about armor. Levels were pointless your increase was only a  slight one. The monsters did profit a lot from the levels you gained though  and you would easily be at level 99 halfway threw the game. The game  doesn't have many characters and the characters within don't have as much  personality is they did in FF7. The only mini-game within it is a poorly  done card game that gets boring fast. The GF system seems nice at first but  quickly you find out that spending an hour getting the max amount of  something is an easy way to over become powered and takes a lot of time.  The only real control over your characters power level is how much patience  you have for getting more spells into your GFs.As far as plot goes this  game also hold up poorly to other games. It may start off fine but to avoid  revealing too much I'm just going to say by the second CD its going in a  bad direction and it doesn't turn around. Characters never get as  interesting as they were in FF7 and when you're on the third CD. (I think)  You well hit the one plot stop that leaves only the strong of heart to  actually bother finishing this sorry excuse for an RPG.The graphics are  only strong point this game has. They are absolutely beautiful. Defiantly  the best ever for when it was made. You may end up summoning GFs you don't  want to summon just to see the pictures they show when summoned.And  finally as far as length of time it can stay interesting it's a long game  but its only interesting for about 4 hours into the game. If you need it  it's length is one you well need a long time to beat.Overall this game  is not worth buying unless you really like pretty pictures.
I'm a huge Final Fantasy fan, but this ain't no FF VII
Before you get all jumpy about the Five Star Reviews for this game, read this.  I've been playing Final Fantasy games since 2 on the Super Nintendo (4 in Japan).  At this point, I've beaten IV-IX...Some of them up to 3 times.  Anyways, my point is don't buy this game.  If you play all the other Final Fantasies with their memorable soundtracks, developed characters, unforgettable plotlines, etc and then play this, you'll wonder what you just payed for.  The only thing this game has going for it are the graphics and pointless cinemas.  This was one of those games where I would &quot;pretend&quot; that something good was going to happen..You know to make me feel like the game was worth playing.  Nope.  The characters are insanely dull and just can't make up their mind.  One second Squall hates Rinoa and the next he &quot;wants to be with her the rest of his life&quot; and all that garbage.  Love story..yeah right.  The soundtrack is nothing that you'll remember like the other games and the plot is just so...confusing?  I still have NO IDEA what is going on in the last cinema.  I mean the game just jumps to places with no explanation or reason.  One second I'm protecting this fisherman's town, the next I'm in space and then I'm going to the future.  That's another thing I don't understand.  How will killing Ultimecia in the future affect the present?  More horrible storyline I guess.  Also, Ultimecia just comes out of nowhere.  She is the &quot;third mage&quot; who comes out of nowhere.  She says like 4 lines in the whole game and really isn't evil or spooky.  Like when I played FF VI and Kefka poisoned the Kingdom of Doma...that was a true act of evil among many.  Also, when Sephiroth killed Aeris in FF VII, I at least felt like she needed to be avenged.  But Ultimecia is just some chick who needs some english lessons.  That is all.
Let's just get one thing out of the way, the battle system in this game is bad. Very bad. There are much too many random battles, a lot of the time you're &quot;drawing&quot; magic from enemies (a HORRIBLE idea on square's part, it makes no sense and is extremely tedious) both to use and EQUIP it to your characters. Since the power of your equipped magic is based in the number you have, and all of your enemies have an unlimited number of the magics they're able to carry, you spend a LOT (a WHOLE lot, HOURS) of time just hitting that draw button and selecting which magic to get from them. Yeah, not fun, at all. Both the equipment and magic systems are bad. The new focus on summoned monsters as equippable characters which level up and gain skills to boost your character, such as strength upgrades or upgrades to themselves which boost their damage or HP, is really not fun at all, since there's zero strategy involved. You just level up and decide which skill they'll learn after enough battles. I easily blew through the first half of this game, killing bosses in a ludicrously low number of hits. I couldn't stand the second half, it was just more of the same, and the story line became very, very stupid. A select few will actually like this sappy love story mixed with something about a summoner going to destroy the world and some other junk that I just didn't care about. The love story was actually the best part, and the rest felt like a filler. There really isn't anything to praise about this game that separates it from previous Final Fantasy games. A sub-par RPG.
If not for Final Fantasy IX switching gears, the franchise may have died from this title. FFVII was a pure marvel and still is, but VIII lacked any good storyline and the characters weren't the least bit interesting. It's a solid piece if you want to have the entire series, let's say, pull it out once in a while to hack at it. It's hard to stay interested most of the time, although it does have some cool CG cut-scenes to do it justice, mostly, it's dull repetition and sits as a rushed follow up to FFVII and it shows. Fans, thank God for IX saving the day, X bringing in the next-generation, and XI, XII coming up. So long from the dullsville FFVIII calls Balaamb. I hope the cadets have retired...
Good gravy... This is the absolute worst game that I have ever played in my entire life. Not that the game was even that bad, but... It never lived up to its own hype. I have played all of the Final Fantasy games... Since I beat the very first game, I have been a loyal follower and a ruthless critic. I cherished IV, and I absolutely LOVE VI, which is indeed the very best one in the entire series in terms of story and music. And Final Fantasy VII blew my mind... The Final Fantasy... In a whole different perspective, with three dimensions on the battlefield. When FFVIII came out, I already had a copy reserved... I held the glowing package in my hands, looked at the back of the cover and drooled over the beautiful graphics, and in my head I could imagine the enchanting score that my ears would soon be treated to. But as my best friend and I put the disk in and beheld Final Fantasy VIII... There was a voice screaming in my head... My mind kept saying something to me over and over again as I walked through Balamb Garden... And then my friend said that very thought: &quot;Jay, this game sucks.&quot; Yes, it does. This game is a disgrace to the series. A storyline that is so slow, so pointless that you actually look forward to the battle sequences? There was no Final Fantasy VIII Theme! The battle theme and the boss theme pale in comparison to the vicious relentless music of the FFVII Score. There was not one piece of music that ever persuaded me to continue the journey. The disgustingly weak plot was made tolerable only by the CG movies. The character development was never there. Never did we ever find out why Seifer was such a jerk. ...Or WHY the GFs (Ha, ha) erased the memories of the characters. The lead character, Squall, answered every single question with the word &quot;whatever.&quot; Compare that to the strong-willed, heartbroken Cloud from FFVII, and it becomes obvious. Allow me to say one more thing: Final Fantasy VI gripped me. I captivated me with a spell that bound me. I played, played, and played that silly game, with it's cute 16 bit graphics, as if I were possessed. The same goes for VII. I wanted to know what was going to happen next at that moment. I got as far as the mission to Timber in FFVIII, and never gave it a second glance. Only a year later, after exams were done in college, with no car or friends around... Did I pull Final Fantasy VIII out again to give it a second chance. How sad. The only time I ever cried over a video game was when Aeris died in Cloud's arms... But when I first played Final Fantasy VIII, I know that I wanted to just bawl.
I'm a huge Final Fantasy guy, but for me, 8 is just very close to trash.  I tried to play it right when it came out but I couldn't stand it right from the get go so I quit early.  I tried to play it again a few years ago and the same exact thing happened.  Finally a little while ago, I forced myself through it. No exaggeration.So I started the game for the third time thinking, hey maybe it just takes time to catch on.  But no, I never really became addicted to the gameplay as I usually do in FF games.  The only way to get stronger is to find monsters with different spells and steal their spells for your attributes, which is fine and all, but it got extremely annoying having to do that until you reach 100 and for each character! It doesn't sound necessary but trust that's the only way to get stronger because as your level goes up, so do monster levels, so yes there's no point in even leveling up. Really stupid in my opinion, but it's a different type of thing that I think some people actually did like.  Not me. Every other FF was great as they were because they did not deviate the gameplay to this extent.For every thing else, the story was a definite plunge from 7.  FF7 blew everyone away and when this cam out, the characters were ok, but the story was pretty lame, but not too, too terrible and the music was forgettable.  The environments were about matched with that of 7, but less enjoyable. So overall, this is not a great game.I feel like this game is extremely overrated, getting so much positive feed back, but for what? My expectations were much higher after being so impressed by 7.  Maybe the bar was just set too high.  Maybe Square needed a break.  Then again, there are obviously people who love this style of gameplay, which gives them a much more different gaming experience.  Don't get me wrong, it's not the worst game ever, but it's just not the same Final Fantasy experience everyone loves.So bottom line, if you're new to final fantasy and haven't played this yet, I would say consider a different FF game.  But give it a chance if you're not that picky with RPGs.  Just don't expect much.
as you might have heard, this game was downright terrible. the only thing that kept me going was the story. in my personal opinion, the story is very exceptional and the many months of work they put into it paid off. before starting, i would like to comment that i was very excited to get this game after the two-in-a-row masterpieces final fantasy 6 and 7, and for the fact that it was created by squaresoft, but i was extremely disappointed after about one hour of gameplay. now onto the review...STORY: 9/10as you have most likely heard, people say that this storyline is based on the theme of love, when in many people's opinion (my own included), this game is anything BUT love. the only thing close to love that happens is **SPOILER**rinoa and squall kiss at the ending**END SPOILER**which really isnt all that loveable in my opinion.similar to final fantasy VII, the setting is in the future (irritating downside, as insanely advanced technology is not that fantasy-like), but this is a mediocre downside of the gameThe story goes pretty much like this: an evil sorceress is on the verge of enslavement of the world and a resistance to defeat this woman called Garden trains military soldiers called SeeDs to battle against her and her troops. pretty lame sounding, as seed and garden are really actually one of those ideas that a first grader could come up with in about 5 minutes, but the story actually picks up at about disk three (yes it is pretty slow).SOUND AND MUSIC 6.5/10the sound is really quite good in this game. squall's sword slashes when hitting a target, quistis's whip cracks when snapping at a target, and Zell's mighty fists make smacking noises when hitting a target.such as final fantasy VII, the music in here is not that well conceived and memorable such as the earlier final fantasys. the boss music is sort of catchy (once again such as final fantasy VII), but the rest of the music is rather annoying.GAMEPLAY 2/10the single thing that totally MAULS this game is the gameplay. the battling is terribly tedious, and the magic system is completely raped of its glory. instead of learning magic abilities, now you waste time &quot;drawing&quot; magic from enemies. another terrible mistake squaresoft made while making this game.a new addition to the gameplay is the Guardian Forces (GF) which are pretty much summons just in a stupid term. these guardian forces are pretty much the only thing that will keep you alive in this game, as you need them to enhance health, strength, and so on, which i will get to in a moment. the guardian forces are the main attack force, and with these forces there is barely any need for the &quot;attack&quot; command (other than Zell's Duel limit break). The animations for guardian forces are well animated, but EXTREMELY long and tedious.Limit breaks are the only other useful thing in this game, but unfortunately, they can only be accessed when you are in life-threatening situation, completely aboliting the well-conceived limit break bar.MENUS AND PUT-TOGETHERS 1/10this is terribly time-consuming and irritating. the menu is where i spent most of my time on this game. gladly, squaresoft got rid of the horrid materia system and added on the god-how-could-this-get-any-worse junction system. this system takes about a half of an hour just to understand, and then you spend even more precious hours of your life drawing magic upgrading it so a boss cannot kill you in just one blow. for example, you have to spend about an hour drawing 100 lifes from an enemy just so you can raise your health a couple thousand points.then after this boring proccess you must draw 100 Tornados in order to raise your attack power (I am almost completely CERTAIN this process is required to defeat the final boss)The second complete worst part of this game is the following: THERE IS NO LONGER AN EQUIP OPTION! what happened to equipping weapons and armor? there is a way to upgrade your weapon, but that consumes serious time and involves ridiculous side-quests that are extremely boring. dont even bother going through the stress of completing these questsa ridiculous thing they did in this game is that the characters level up with you, so you can finish the game at level 8 or so (as leveling up is not necessary and bosses give you NO experience points{I completed it at level 7 or 8})GRAPHICS 9.5/10The best part of the game, the graphics. The FMV scenes are superior to every other graphics i have EVER seen in my entire life-span (yes including ps2 graphics), and even during gameplay the graphics are superior (during gameplay they are worse than ps2 graphics i might add), and the only flaw in them is the pixelations, as the characters look a bit fuzzy. but that problem is solved in FFIX.You remember the disgustingly distorted characters in FFVII? well, thank god, they are replaced with actual human-like figures that look like HUMANS at last. no more stubby oversized arms and legs with huge heads that remind me of cartoons.there is only one thing i love about this game, and it is the ending. as i said before, the story is VERY good and is the only reason that i gave it 2 stars instead of 1. the ending is EXTREMELY good (not as good as FFVI's though) and made me feel good.REPLAY VALUE: 0/10as many other people have done, as soon as i finished wasting my time playing this game and finally destroyed the final boss i took out the disk from my playstation, placed it in its case, placed in on a shelf behind my other cds, and it has not been touched ever since. this game was terrible, and i wish i had my 30 hours of gameplay back. i say instead of even thinking of buying this game, look for final fantasy anthology and final fantasy 6 instead.
Good gravy.  What was Squaresoft thinking when they made this one?!  It's terrible in almost every aspect.First of all, the battle system involves having to siphon off magic spells from the enemies and grafting them into your abilities.  This means that if you use them, your skills actually decrease.  Not only that, but because the maximum level your characters can reach is 100 instead of 99, you're actually susceptible to the nervewracking "Level 5 Death" spell.Secondly, the cast is shallow and characterless.  The main character is grumpy and unsociable, and this reviewer could not relate to him as a player should be able to.  Also, none of the other cast are very memorable, like the characters of the other Final Fantasy games.Lastly, the story is about as intriguing and deep as a pile of... well, you get the idea.  The story begins all right, but then lapses into a nauseating, mismatched soap opera between the main character and his rival's ex.  Not only that, but the main character's attitude prevents the gamer from learning what the "villain" is really after; they never give you a deep enough look at her.So, really, if you're a Final Fantasy fan, skip this one.  You didn't miss anything.
When people play a Final Fantasy game they expect several things to come out of the finished game!  For one thing a great story, great charicters, cool battle system, drama, comedy, and greatness, cool graphics, and overall a great game!  That said and done Final Fantasy VIII is the worst example of how to make a great RPG!  When a great RPG company like Squaresoft, who been making the best RPG's for years now, comes in and makes a game, people expect it to be great!!!  Esspecally if it's a Final Fantasy game!  Well let me tell you that Final Fantasy VIII is anyting BUT a great RPG!!!  In fact this game is so pooryly thought out I am at a loss of words!  I'm sure you've already herd complaints about the complicated battle system, cumcumber (And glitched) plot, and lack of charicter developement!  So I'll spare you the details for once!  Lets just say Final Fantasy VIII not only gives the Final Fantasy series a bad name, but it also gives RPG's as a whole a bad name!  Thank you.  Have a nice day!
If you fell in love with Final Fantasy VII, like I did, and are so hungry for more that you are considering this game, I beg of you, don't do it. It is nothing like the aforementioned masterpiece. The story was slow to get going, which I was sympathetic to, since it was like that in FF VII too, but after hours it was still lame. For one thing, you have a "military ranking", and it goes down when you explore the towns! I mean come on, the whole point of an RPG is exploring! But that is not the worst part. The magic system has been redone, and it's HORRIBLE. Instead of the product-of-genius Materia system in FF VII, they have the "draw system". You have to collect magic spells, and use them, like petty items! This is, by far, the worst idea ever.And then there were the characters. After falling under the spell of Cloud, Aeris, Sephiroth and all the rest, I felt like hiding under my blankets and sobbing after meeting Squall, Rinoa and the other lame characters. Their dialogue is lifeless and cheesy, and I didn't feel attached to them at all.Although it's a small complaint, I must mention the graphics. The cutscenes are amazing and far better than FF VII's, but everything else is awful. The blocky, toon-like models of FF VII have been tossed out, replaced by characters that try to shove in the detail of real humans in tiny little models. The result? Stiffly animated, bland graphics.Overall, do not buy this game. Buy Tales of Symphonia, Chrono Cross...anything. Please, do not waste your money. These are the parting words of a weeping gamer. Thank you.
this is the worst final fantasy game gameplay wise without a doubt.  not only is the learning curve hours, but after that, you have to spend hours getting magic from the enemies to use and equip.  This game graphic wise looks like it has been in work for a lifetime, and the FMV looks like PS2 or DC.  the gameplay looks like it was made in a lifetime too, and that is a BAD thing.
Final Fantasy 7 and 9 are wonderful examples of how an essentially linear game can be manipulated and changed into something epic and enthralling, thanks to excellent characterisation and plot. Final Fantasy 8 (and, oddly enough, FF 10) are wonderful examples of how to bore people silly while forcing them to sit through some nice-looking battles.For those gamers who, like me, need to like a character in order to fully appreciate the game's plot, let me say this: Squall is a moody, horrible, angst-ridden Phallocrat. His supporting cast are forgettable, with the exceptions of the consummately annoying Zell Dincht and the ridiculously feeble Rinoa Heartilly. The characters in FF 8 have none of the appeal of Cloud et al from FF 7, or Zidane and the lovable half-breeds from FF 9.For gamers who don't consider this to be so important, FF 8 still manages to nicely ruin the Final Fantasy reputation by being one of the most boring and unrewarding games in the series. Battles are innumerable and completely random, and fall into 2 categories: extremely easy and unfairly difficult. Case in point; you face Seifer's two main flunkies early on in the game, by which stage your levels are too high to build up quickly on the feeble monsters available in the college &amp; the surrounding areas, and too low to beat these henchmen without massive amounts of luck. The result? You end up running about doing frustrating battle with low-level wildebeests for hours, and the game becomes very, very boring.The graphics are shamefully poorly-thought out. The pre-rendered backdrops for some of the major levels (Balamb Garden, Edea's House) are bland, and have none of the charm of the cityscapes of FF 7 or the magical countryside vistas of FF 9. The character models are far too complex, and look pixellated and rough at almost all angles. Polygon pop-up didn't die out with the Sega Saturn; it's alive and well and working for Squaresoft. The pre-renders, however, are amazing, approaching the quality of early PS 2 titles in their scale and realism.The sound is run-of-the-mill poor PlayStation fare, but the music is decent enough. Better, too, is the Magic system, where, instead of spending hours confusing yourself with Materia, you now Junction Elementals and spells. Sadly, the game relies less on Magic and more on difficult Limit Break techniques and expensive items, so this really isn't a huge plus until late in the game.All in all, FF 8 is a VERY disappointing game, lacking the freedom of exploration of FF 7 and 9. It's a game on wheels, which isn't a bad thing in itself, but when the plot and characters are so forgettable, it becomes a major problem. Steer clear.
The Game is sow Boring the story is not good at all final 7 is so much beter get that ...
Final Fantasy is, and has been for a long time, Squaresoft's flagship product. All the FF products, while not having direct connections to each other, carry similar &quot;themes&quot; -- similarities of gameplay, world design, and so on that make them clearly Final Fantasy rather than something else.With all the time and effort (not to mention money) expended on them, one would (I think justifiably) expect that the series would generally improve as time went on. Unfortunately, this is not the case.Final Fantasy VII was a reasonably good FF game, but it was also the first Playstation FF game, and had some advantages which were, at the time, unique to it. It was incumbent upon FFVIII to give us something more -- something cooler and better. It failed.The overall STORY isn't that bad -- the plot is decent and some of the characters interesting. However, our main character is just not generally likeable; Squall has less interesting personality than Cloud Strife of FFVII, and that's a pretty damning indictment since Cloud didn't develop much personality until some way through the game. More importantly, gameplay is if anything more of a railroading exercise than FFVII -- which, given that VII used the metaphor of a railroad from the beginning, is a sad state of affairs.By now, Square should have recognized that flexibility of play and so on is a GOOD thing in CRPGs. Chrono Trigger remains popular enough to garner commentary even today, due in great part to its multi-ending design. Why the FF series still relies on the idea that you have no real choices and get dragged from fight to fight boggles the mind; Kewl Komputer Animation doesn't make up for the fact that they haven't added any new game techniques since the Nintendo days. Oh, they have some cute little side games -- card collecting and so on -- but the story itself isn't even captivating enough. Some of the battles can go on long enough to be boring in themselves. Oh, the animation cutscenes are pretty, and some of the music very nice -- and the past timeline sequence is, sadly, more interesting than the main one.A disappointing effort from the people who have, in past times, produced some of the most innovative and interesting games.
What a poor excuse for a Final Fantasy game, this game should have never came to america. Sure, the graphics are great but the characters make me sick and the plot seems like it came right from a Baby Sitter's Club Book. The main character Squall is suffereing from teenaged agnst, please. Oh, and the magic system (the draw and juctioning system- great idea... ahahahahahahaha. If you want a GOOD Final Fantasy get 7, 9,and 2, or 3 ( 4 and 6 for those people who think that they know Japanese.) Just stay as far away from this game as you possibly can!!!!
ok, I admit if I known how bad this game was I still would have bought the game, but I wish I would had waited until the game went down to $19.99 before I wasted almost $50.00 for it. I hope Square makes FF9 better before they waste millions of dollars on another crap  shoot.Now for my reasons for the 1 star.1. It was a rip off of FF7. if you want to get FF8  but havent played FF7 get FF7.2. Why no voice acting!  I sooooooo recomend it!  C'mon Square at least on the CG movies(pease let FF9 have voice acting)!3. The characters in the game not just the playable  ones but all of them seem to have no life to them, its just boring how the characters are so dull, I just cant  explain it.4. Rushed, rushed, rushed, and, rushed. C'mon  Square where is this quality gaming I remember from your other stuff like Chrono Trigger and old classics like that.5. I dont have anough time to tell you the rest but there  is alot of other stuff.
i got this game and didn't really play it my brother mostly did and he said is was an awesome game until you get to near the end of the second disc and it freezes at a bossthe only down fall is that you my regret buying the used oneits a good game if it worked properly
Could have been a lot better. to put it simply, to perhaps the biggest final fantasy fan ever,me, i was totally diappointed by this game. i hate the whole modern/futuristic look that this game has. even ff7 had this to a point. i want this to be like fantasy..castles, swords, mages, kings, knights, wizards. i hate that there is no armor or accessories, plus i hate that there are no magic points, and magic is not earned. the experience points thing stinks. leveling up/money mean nothin in this game.  my favorite part of RPG is building up wrecking machine armies.  ergo my sabin, celes, edgar, and terra army from ff3/6.  in this game the enemies level up with you so theres no point in leveling yourself up.  this game is soooo dumbed down.  the villain or lack thereof is horrible.  BRING BACK KEFKA!  the gf's take like 20 years to finish making battles so annoying, instead of fun like in ff6 and chrono cross.  the storyline is terrible and the characters are too real looking.  plus every character is essentially the same, each character does not have unique abilities except for the limit breaks. maybe if square had released this game under a different title not final fantasy 8 i woulnt have been disappointed. this remains the only ff game ever that i havent finished, i stopped playing on disc 3. if u want a good RPG to play, get FF9 which goes back to hardcore fantasy and the original ways that made final fantasy so great. also i recommend ff3/6 which is undoubtable the best FF game ever, and arguably the best game ever. i also recommened chrono trigger and chrono cross which are totally awesome games.  dont waste your time or money with final fantasy 8.
I am the type of RPG gamer who likes to chop heads off, burn down castles, pillage villages and slay dragons.  I don't like to go to Macy's or Talbots and buy a blowdryer so I can fight the next cosmo-monster.  This one sucks.  Final Fantasy should go back to its roots and deal with a true story, like FF3, FF7 or FF9.  The ending was a confused mess- good graphics, but what were the storywriters for this ending smoking?  I am not chauvinistic, but this is one chick-flick game if there is any.  Not for head-chopping, castle-burning, dragon-slaying guys like me. One star for the Square title and graphics.
If you want yet another dogfight game, here it is.  If you want a game where you feel as though you are commanding a starship, as depicted in the Star Trek movies, you had better pass.  Cut scenes?  Wow, impressive, and  with David Warner no less!  Graphics? NONE BETTER!  Neat way to blow stuff  up?  Oh, yea!  A great game for those under 30 with cat like reflexes.  No  cunning needed here.  However, you had better be more practised in an  immelman turn than the corbomite bluff if you want to suceed at this game,  and that precisly is the opposite of what is advertised.
This is rapeing the Quake name now ID.......Get the Quake 1 magic and actually interesting story of Quake 1 back.  Quake 3, 4, and 2 suck.
Absolutely the worst game in the excellent Quakes. This certainly bombed the whole trilogy with its gameplay. What I hate about this game is the nonstop mindless shooting where you don't have to think. Getting killed in this game also causes alot of anger because everyone just jumps around you and constantly fires! This game is just like UT, bad. Utterly bad! I have constantly tried to like it, but failed at every attempt. Avoid at all costs!
this game should marketed as a MULTIPLAYER ONLY!!!The graphics are gorgeous, however there is nowhere to explore and nothing to find.I only have a 56k modem - absolutely not fast enough.  One has to have a super fast cable modem to play this &quot;deathmatch&quot; game online
This was always bound to be a great title, the Quake name is like a way of printing money! but this time I am just not buying it! I don't have a very high spec PC and Quake 3 just runs like a dog! (it's a AMD K6-2 350 with  128Mb of RAM and an ATI Rage Magnum with 32Mb) my message to people out  there with this spec of PC or below, don't bother with Q3, there is a very  good alternative &quot;Unreal Tournement&quot; it's a brilliant title that  runs sweet on my machine in 800x600 in 32 BIT colours (colors!). In summery  Q3 Great title, but you will need an ass kicking spec.
Wow look at the pretty engine. THere I have said everyhting good about this. I swear progreammers are more interested in pretty than contenet.  I would rather play Doom than this.  Quake3 is all glitz and no depth. Where  is the story? Where? It left with Romero when he went to form IonStorm
Why did you do this id? No wait. . . I understand why, but it's still no excuse to create a game like this. Multiplayer only? OK, OK, I need to settle down here. First of all I need to explain my situation. I have Internet access but not the kind to play this game, I have a lowly 56k modem with a (insert appropriate insult here) connection. This type of connection is definitely not the best connection, even for games that have low data transfer like Diablo or Ultima. However, in my apartment complex we created our own Ethernet LAN with the main hub in my own apartment, perfectly ideal for this type of game. Does this mean that I play this game? Yes, sort of. Does that mean that I like it? I wish I could.I've rewritten this paragraph four times already. There is no way to express my dislike for this game. Simply put, players will get separated into two groups. Those with the skills to pummel anyone who comes into the arena, and those who get pummeled. Unfortunately, the &quot;Pummelers&quot; are few and far between. Most of the &quot;pummeled&quot; will be amateurs, they'll buy the game, play through a few deaths and erase the game from their hard drive. My LAN mysteriously &quot;empties&quot; out when I offer up a game of Q3. id blew it with this one. Poorly thought out, this game serves only the elite few with the grit, skill, determination, and fast connection to play this game. Lets hope that id gets a brainstorm and comes up with an actual story line for the next game instead of taking the easy way out like they did with this one.Remember, I'm not saying the multiplayer is bad. The multiplayer is awesome! It's the lack of the single player that makes this game blow. In fact, it's the lack of everything else that makes me want to lose my lunch.
I didn't quite like it for the following reasons 1-when fighting, ai acts pretty dumb, and is way too easy to defeat. 2-game is waaaaaaaaaaay too  short, i finished it in 2 1/2 hours, and i'm not even good with  adventures... 3-the game would have been maybe a hit if they'd have put at  least  3 and in bnest case 5 to 7 of those missions the game'd have been  worth its money 4-you don't get the freedom of acting, in training on  vulcan nerve pinch when trying to use phaser it doesn't work, same's when  you try to use phaser or vulcan nerve pinch on picard or data or son'a  while they're still not against you...but on the plus side here's what  most trekkies will find interesting about the game 1-you get to see  corridors of enterprise and their main engineering. 2-you get to meet  picard, data and beverly 3-you get to run around like a mad idiot with a  phaser 4-you get to shoot son'a and another race, which i'm not gonna  reveal, don't wanna spoil it gor you 5-you get to explore a sci-fi looking  son'a colony 6-you get a chance to promote your ensign sovok to  leitenant(i'm sorry if i spelled it wrong) 7-you get to use nerve pinch,  but you don't get a chance very often, only 4 times in the  game]overall-trekkies might like it, but as an adventure, it stinks
Although a lot of people liked this game I hated it. For one thing this game was WAAAAYYYYYY too easy (I beat this game in three days playing only  1 hour a day! The first game had me playing for mounths! )! You're supposed  to find this fairy to give you all your powers back, and yet you start the  game with all your powers! Plus I don't care how good the graphics are,  Rayman does NOT look good in 3D and does not belong in 3D! So get the first  game, I don't recomend this game to ANYONE!  And you know what's worse?  This Nintendo 64 vertion looks WORSE and plays WORSE than the Dreamcast  vertion!  Now that's sad (Even though I never liked N64).
Although a lot of people liked this game I hated it. For one thing this game was WAAAAYYYYYY too easy (I beat this game in three days playing only  1 hour a day! The first game had me playing for mounths! )! You're supposed  to find this fairy to give you all your powers back, and yet you start the  game with all your powers! Plus I don't care how good the graphics are,  Rayman does NOT look good in 3D and does not belong in 3D! So get the first  game, I don't recomend this game to ANYONE!
This game is Civ II meets D&amp;D. Its horrible. One of my five LEAST favorite games.
Stunning graphics coupled with very clumsy controls make this game a feast for the eyes but a major bust when it comes to engrossing game play.  In a  world dominated by such near master works as Lucas Arts' Indiana Jones and  the Infernal Machine, different is not necessarily better and the third  person perspective Nocturne offers is as creepy as the games beautifully  dark images and spine tingling story line.  I suppose the object was to  give Nocturne a cinematic edge offered by some of Hollywood's best  horror/thrillers, but cutting from place to place using numerous movie  angels as our gruff but hardly lovable anti-hero "Stranger" runs through  each scene (ground level, over-head, etc) trying to mow down swooping and  snarling creatures of the night, simply doesn't work here and would likely  earn any film student a solid D for effort!  With one additional option,  first person perspective (or even second person), this might have been a  great game, without it, Nocturne swiftly becomes little more than a tedious  test of your 20/20 vision and manual dexterity.  Bottom line, if you can  get it cheap (one major home electronics store recently had it on sale for  $9.99), or can borrow it from a friend, check it out for it's amazing  cutting edge eye candy.  But just like any fine work of art hanging in  some posh museum, you'll pause to consider Nocturne's brilliant textures,  along with it's use of light and shadow but eventually you'll move on to  something much more stimulating and rewarding, like an amusement park.
Before I bought this game, I downloaded the demo off theinternet and was completely freaked out.  I rushed out and purchasedthe game and was completely freaked out by the money I wasted.  Do you love impossible control options, very high system requirements and load times that have you kicking your computer?  Then you will love Nocturne! This game had all the perfect elements to become a great game, but it fell short on delivery.  However, if you love the Resident Evil genre, then this game is for you, but I warned you.  END
This looked like a promising game and I really enjoyed it ... when I could progress through it.  It was crashy/buggy on win2k.  I was halfway thru the werewolf town episode and hit a bug that no patch fixed unless I restarted the episode, which I was too[upset]to do.Also, the way to progress is not really that intuitive.  I found myself running around an empty castle a lot trying to figure out wth I'm supposed to do next.  By far the worst aspect of this game was the camera angles.  As you run down a hall, you hit a map trigger that changes your point of view; unfortunately you have no idea what view you will get.  Sometimes you will be looking ahead from behind/above your character, other times you will look at your character's face from ahead/left.  It is weird and extremely unpleasant as you can switch angles during fights accidentally and get your [rear-end]kicked.The good stuff: The graphics are cool, not the most impressive nowadays (2003-05-06) but still neat.  Although they aren't technically superior anymore (they once were) I still like the way the game looks because the designers made the graphics so creepy.  The art on the walls, the dark woods, crypts, you go through all sorts of cool settings.The music is creepy too, and really helps set the mood.  This is actually a scary game to play.The main character is pretty cool.  He's the nameless Clint-Eastwood type with the gravelly voice.All in all this game had awesome potential but was poorly executed.  Much of this could have been avoided by having 1. more predictable and sane camera angles, and 2. a strategy guide.  A lot of times I was stuck for hours and I missed some hidden place or something.  With a quick cheat I would have had a lot more fun without feeling too guilty.I hope they come out with a Nocturne 2 that addresses these issues, I would really like to see it.
I got this game last year and I have only just completed it. In a technical sense, this is indeed better than the other TR games. But I do feel that it is a victim of it's own realisticness. It starts off brilliant and great to play. Especialy the moving train effect. But once you get to the 'City of the Dead' things go downhill. I mean it gets so dark that even with the monitor on full brightness and the house lights out, you still have to lightflares to see whats what. There are also not enough flares to get around with either. Sure this would be the situation in real life, but in real life you have the advantage of 3D vision to guide you. Not in a game.  Not only that, but the levels get boring towards the end aswell. It seems stupid that game programmers would spend out on high-tech graphics and creative innovations and then blanket them with an over abundance of darkness.  Apart from that though. The sound is brilliant. The movies realy fit in well. Lara looks better and (if you can see them) the graphics are great too.
Well, I wish I could play some of these levels! Sometimes, that's made impossible because they're so dark. I wish it would save my game, too, but it never has. There are patches available for bigger mistakes on their site. I would give anything not to watch those grating cutscenes again and again. The voices are all quite annoying and stilted, though you get the sense the Eidos guys thought the old man at the beginning might have been - he gets tiresome immediately (my child this, my child that, this is how you jump -WAIT!- this is how you jump). Lara is still a bimbo character and it's insulting to both genders, a cynical view of the audience (I wish she would stop breathing heavily!). The controls are difficult. The puzzle elements are still worthwhile, though they are a poor man's Zelda. The 16 year-old Lara was unnecessary, when she gets her backpack we're supposed to care. The likelyhood of her and the old man being in these Cambodian ruins in the daytime and running through it like a preschool adventure playset is small. They seem to toss old TR elements like climbing vines and throwing levers in all the wrong places, these elements are repeated, and there seems to be little real joy in all of it, like they toss the elements out until the game ends. The level designs are unlogical, they detract from the realism that the games used to have and added so much to it. That's why you are bothered when you die from a giant spinning spike wheel that magically floats, not because it's hard, but because you just don't believe things like that are there, it's as though the game breaks it's own rules. I feel like the levels could all have gone a lot further if they just did some heavy internet research on the areas available to play (Egypt has stars and spikes?). Overall, I feel this game was well worth my [money], but the series needs to improve or it will surely die. Undoubtedly, the first Two TR games were the best, they need to return to that, these new games feel like a...commercial spectacle. What I enjoy most about the series is the realism that there can sometimes be, and the puzzles, but mostly the scenery and locales, the action is just the backdrop to me. Buy the first 2 games before thinking about getting this.
It sure does. Old, boring, hard to play and hard to control. This game is more fun than a sharp stick to the eye but not by much. And the price when it first came out! Sheesh! I'm betting that the only reason some people buy this is Lara's chest and that does'nt justify purchasing this accident of a game.
Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is the fourth Lara Croft adventure game based entirely in Egypt. A very long and challenging game built on a nice engine with great graphics, Neat animations and neat sound effects. Good storyline and great gameplay with infinite saves. Awesome lighting effects and a creepy atmosphere. Great puzzles but a lot of annoying false paths. Very challenging gameplay but can be too challenging at times because no difficuly option. Good level design with a helpfull training level, But the hub level layout is very confusing and easy to get lost. A Lot of fun doing all the jumping but the controls are as usual very badly done, Auto aim is not perfect and the manual aiming is impossible. Enemy AI is super dumb. Tomb Raider Last Revelation well deserves 4 stars but i will give it only 2 because it does not have good key controls and a difficulty option.
I played this a lot when it first came out, when my computer of the time had win 98.  It was a fun game and still would be to play again.  But I cannot play this on my Windows XP or 7 PC's.  Its full of glitches that are impossible to fix.  To play it you'd have to skip levels because, for instance, you get to a point where you cannot make lara jump to a ledge she needs to get to to continue.  Then you skip a level and this happens again.  Like i said, unplayable unless you maybe had an older comp-i don't know why the game will start and run but then glitch in the middle of a level and i don't know if there is a fix because i've never seen a game do this.
Before buying this game, I strongly recommend downloading the demo off their website first.  As a fan of many of the &quot;God Games&quot; out there, I found this one very unintuitive.  In short, all of the people are  stupid and the game itself does some very dumb things.For instance,  there are points in the demo where the farmworkers just sit there and drown  as the Nile River rises.  The question isn't &quot;what's causing this  person to just sit there&quot;... the question is &quot;why is this even  occurring?&quot;That's just one example, there are many, many, more.  Another example?  Ok, I got to a point in the game where half of the  population would just leave.  Then, six months later, they'd all return  again just to repeat the same process again and again year after year.  Does this make any sense?I found all the micromanagement to be very  tiring.  The object of the game isn't to build an empire, it's to figure  out all the stupid little workarounds it takes to make these people do what  they should be doing without any thought.This is just the demo, folks!  I strongly suggest you see for yourself before you drop your cash on the  real deal.Derek
Pharaoh is a city building game (like SimCity), but set in Egypt, during the pre-dynastic period.  You start by building a settlement, addressing basic needs and continue onward.  Unlike SimCity, there are various goals to hit such as population goals.As the game progresses, it gets harder.Unfortunately, I found myself building and managing the population, but having to check the deities almost constantly.  Unless you hold regular festivals, constantly build shrines, the gods will grow angry and exact revenge on your civilization.  I found it to be more tedious than fun.
When Diablo II came out I bought it immediately expecting it would be at least as fun as the first possibly more fun.I got bored of the game easily.  The thing I really didn't like was certain enemys that just run  away. You have to chase them for what seems like an eternity till you  finally catch them and slaughter them, and if you decide to just let them  run away they'll continuously come back to haunt you. Then to make things  worse the game doesn't save what you've killed so if you decide your done  playing for the day the next time you play all the runners will be back.  These enemys are called flayers and when I first encountered them I got  bored of fighting them over and over and discontinued my gameply and moved  to a different game.Another thing I didn't like is running. Not that  running is bad, in fact I love the fact that you can move faster, the  problem with it is that the background (trees, grass, etc.) really bothered  my eyes with it scrolling past so quickly. That is not as big a deal as the  run-a-way enemys, however.If you like to chase endless hords of enemys  then the game is for you.  If not don't bother with it.
If you like clicking banners and advertisements off your screen you will love this game, cause thats all it is, clicking annoying flying/popping graphics off your screen.
wow. i bought this game hoping that blizzard had stopped going half way on their games( which is clearly evident in games like, starcraft, warcraft, diablo)well i bought this game, and it was stupid. this is what i affectionately call a "clicker" game. you know, i left click on you,i hit you, i right clic on you, i do a magic thing. boring. they try to make it interesting with the whole unique character thing, but the fact that it'll always be the same thing, every time you play it, doesn't really give you much re-play value. also a killer is the mandatory quests,you must complete every quest in order to move on in the already dull plot. if you really want a real RPG, buy Baldur's Gate, it's cheaper, and you get to completely make your character, and there's a totally non-linear plot. do waht you want, or don't, but be prepared to suffer the consequences. Baldur's Gate puts YOU the gamer in control, while diablo 2, you are just kinda along for the ride. diablo 2 is deffinitely a game for those simple-minded gamers, who don't really like the whole variable plot thing,the ones that don't like having a choice where to go or what to do when they want to, the ones who just want to click their way to victory. this game gets one star, which is many , many more than it deserves
Let's get one thing clear: Diablo II is nowhere near as good as Diablo 1. There are more reasons for this than I can remember, but I'll try to list as many of them as possible.First off, there's no way to save your progress through the game. All that you can do is save your character. When you reload the game, all of the bad guys are back. This gets EXTREMELY aggravating.Second, there's just too much stuff! Remember in Diablo 1, where there were a dozen kinds of swords and like a hundred different kinds of armor, not counting the two billion magical prefixes and suffixes and all of the Unique items? Well, that's ten times as bad in D2. There's twice as many different categories of items (belts? what the...?), and there are twice as many items in each category. It doesn't stop there, either: it is now possible for nonmagic items to have prefixes as well, and many of those prefixes mean the same freaking thing! A belt can be "poorly made," "low quality," "slightly lower quality," "chipped," "cracked," "rusty," "damaged," "even more damaged," blah blah blah blah blah umpteen et cetera, and it contributes absolutely JACK FREAKING SQUAT to gameplay! Diablo 1 had 2 different potion strengths: Partial and Full, and that was all you needed, but D2 saw fit to create five different potion strengths. You get the idea.Third, the outdoor areas are WAAY too freaking big. Even with Automap turned on, it's impossible to tell whether or not you've explored an outdoor area fully.Fourth, the new spellcasting system just doesn't make the slightest bit of sense. A Barbarian at a given level will have just as many magical abilities, AND be just as good at casting them, as a Sorceress on the same level! And how are these magical abilities acquired? Does your character learn spells by reading spellbooks, like in Diablo 1? No, they learn spells by killing things. Yup, you just go out and kill monsters, and you suddenly know how to cast fireballs. WHAT THE HECK KIND OF SENSE DOES THAT MAKE?!?Fifth, character classes have no maximum stats. This SEVERELY WEAKENS the distinctions between the character classes, and for those hackers out there, it makes it impossible to have a "maxed-out" character.Sixth, there's too much stuff! I know I've mentioned this before, but it's just wrong that you could pick up every item in the whole game and still only see a tenth of all the different combinations of non-magical items.Seventh, there's no more Apocalypse spell. Apocalypse was a cool spell that should not have been removed.D2 does have a few good ideas, though. Gems are very cool, but the fact that they come in five or six different quality levels, plus the fact that items can have widely varying numbers of sockets for them, only worsens the "too much stuff" problem. The Horadric Cube is an awesome idea, because it allows you to do really fun things. You put random things into it, and if you're lucky, they'll combine into something new! You can take 3 gems of a given type and quality, and the Cube will compress them into one gem of the next highest quality. Combine 2 packs of crossbow bolts to get one pack of arrows, or 2 packs of arrows for one pack of bolts. No one but Blizzard knows all of the possibilities. I also love the addition of "set" items, or in other words, unique items that power each other up as you find more from each set. Unfortunately, it is, for all practical purposes, impossible to find all of the items in any one set, leading to hours upon hours of frustrated searching. Let's see, I mentioned Gems, the Horadric Cube, set items... were there any other positive additions to D2? I can't remember any more...Diablo 2 can be fun and playable in its own way, but compared to Diablo 1, it's just horrible. There were too many bad ideas, and too many good ideas that were badly implemented. Don't play this game unless you've gotten bored with Diablo 1.
At first, I thought this game was good. The graphics are not very visually pleasing but the lighting affects were very nice. There were several different characters each with their own abilities and such. But with each waking moment I grew more and more bored, and my mouse grew more and more worn out as all I basically had to do was point at something and click like crazy till it was dead, not very entertaining. To add insult to injury, the monsters I was encountering were pretty much the same old beasts with a new outfit on, and maybe a different attack or special ability.Sure, there are tons of collectable items, and Blizzard claims that the items you wear change your appearance (A half-truth as boots, gloves, and jewelry do not show up on your character). But you can only do the same thing over and over so much. The game's &quot;quests&quot; from what I've encountered are basically you go here, kill this boss and come back. Sure, there may be a few things you need to do, like a grab an item from point a, an item from point b, and put them in point c; but the basic premise still stands.The game has it's merits, they did spend a great deal of time making the full motion video cut scenes beautiful (ala SquareSoft), and there are alot of items, and the areas are fairly sizable, and the load times are next to nil (since the entire game is on your hard drive instead of on the cd like diablo 1).The install process is slow and requires you to swap several disks including one with large movies on it (you should have the option of not viewing movies in any game). But the uninstall takes mere seconds. Which leads me to believe the game doesn't get fully uninstalled. I also hear the multiplayer is very fun (which can make the worst games great).What honestly kills the game in my opinion? The constant need to click the mouse in a rapid fasion (the alternative is to hold the button down, which is just as bad), and the repetitiveness (which is also a major flaw in Phantasy Star Online).If mindless clicking is your cup of tea, then by all means pick up a copy today. But otherwise save your cash.
It IS point and click!  Yeah, the greatest RPG of all time!  It certainly makes you gain weight faster than any other RPG.  All my friends have been fattened and dumbed by this marvel in brainwashing.  They are all now one with the chair that they sit in.  Greatest RPG?  Not even close.  Those who say it is are probably physically dependant upon it by now.  I observe people play with their eyes two inches from the monitor and their mouths slack with saliva dripping from the corners of their mouths.  The only thing that moves is the hand, making quick, convulsive movements.  I say that even if it does expand your brain (Ha, ha), the other negative effects far outweigh the good.
Besides having all the system requirements necessary and still not being able to run the game, my biggest problem with it is not being able to save  the game state. This completely ruins it for me--and probably for anyone  else interested in the single-player aspect. It is truly awful to have to  go back somewhere to get items that were perhaps left behind, only to have  to fight everything that you already killed once all over again. Sadly,  this ruins the game and storyline for me. I know other folks who aren't  bothered by this at all, however. For me, though, it's just a terrible way  to have released the game. I honestly think that they should've kept that  save feature in the game, even if it meant releasing the game later.
The game has many flaws in it making it almost unplayable. The most notable is the Anti-copy feature on the CD's themselves making it impossible for some CD and DVD drives to read. At present Blizzard has no  plans to fix this feature. Also the graphics and lag time in both online  and single play are bad. In order to get the game to play you will need to  tinker with the drivers and system options to get it to work. Reminds me of  the old days of  DOS where a Boot Disk had to be created to change your  memory options. The box reports a minimum of 32Meg of memory, I would think  it is closer to 64Meg. If your character incounters a large amount of  monsters it will bog way down and the monsters will kill you before you get  a hit in. If you must absolutely have the game I would wait a month for the  problems to be fixed. There are already 2 patches in less then 2 weeks with  number 3 in the works.
This game would have been a MASTERPIECE, had it have not been for the stupidity of blizzard. This game WOULD be extremely fun, but there is one flaw, and this one flaw ruins how much I enjoyed the game: The damn saving option. This really pissed me off. After a hard 3 hours straight of battling, you find out you have to run off to work, so you save and quit the game. After a hard 8 hours of work, you look forward to playin the pretty fun game of Diablo 2 once again. you pop the Cd in the drive, start up the game....WHAT THE HELL?? I JUST BEAT ALL THESE ENEMIES! yes that is right. After you save and quit, the enemies return. sure, its a good way to earn experience, but i think it goes a little too far when you have to defeat about 200 enemies and spend about an hour JUST to get back to where you left off on your last play. At first it's not that bad, mainly because the enemies are not that hard, and there are not many of them. but once i got to the third act, i got so frustrated i just quit the game and didnt play it for a month. This gets so frustrating and time-consuming it is unreal.I loved the first Diablo, and right after i beat it i went out and bough diablo 2 with an expansion pack RIGHT AWAY, expecting this FANTASTIC game, and all i got was a 3 hour excitement from the first 2 acts. Now, i am going to auction it off of ebay as quick as possible, as the sight of the box i have reminds me of the mistake i made of spending a total of 40 dollars on such crap
First things first.  This game IS fun, and it got two stars for that only.Diablo 2 was fun for a while.  Not a long while like Neverwinter Nights, but a little while.  I didn't make it too far into the game because I lost track of the plot, and the game itself was far too repetitive.  Every battle seemed to be the same, and it was all too easy.  The battel system was just point and click, and there was no strategy to it at all.  I know, this is just supposed to be a hack and slash, but it fails even at that.The graphics are moderately good, they are not bad but not real good either.  The sound is good, probably one of the best parts of the game.If you want a hack and slash to be addicted to for less than a week, this is the way to go.  You'll be back.  If you want a hack and slash to play for a while, may I reccomend any of the Icewind Dale's.  If you want a hack and slash with a real good plot, try Neverwinter Nights.I do reccomend this game, but don't go wasting your money on it right now, wait until it is in the bargain bin, so's you don't get mad when you end up geting the game and becoming sick of it in three days.
This is it!  Is this what the hype was all about? Totally disappointed with this game. Again, a game that took 3 years to develop isnt a guarantee that it'll be good (Daikatana anyone?). Diablo 2 is just all hot air. Lets start with the bugs. First of, let's start with the technical goof ups. The  game had problems with some CD drives. It takes me 3 to 5 tries just to  have my Creative DVD recognize the CD. This is a major bug. Second, the CD  had problems ejecting from my drive, thanks to the patch they released  v.1.02, it still didnt fix it. Thanks for nothing Blizzard. Third, the game  wont run on my GeforceDDR under Direct 3D. So now, Im running the game  using DirectDraw from my GeforceDDR. I ran the game using 3dfx glide and  the graphics were so washed out and hazy. What do you expect from glide?  Now let's go with the gameplay. It is absolutely similar with the first  Diablo. Sure they upgraded the graphics and all, but gameplay is still the  same old Diablo. The game comes in 3 CDs. The first CD will take you only  about 4 hours to finish it because the monsters are just too dumb and too  easy to beat. You'll have the case of BOREDOM by the time you finish CD1.  As you progress deeper into the game, you start to realize that the  challenge becomes more of simply just finishing it because you paid [good money]  for it rather than seeing the end of the game. Motivation factor is zero.  There were a lot of new items and weapons not found in the old Diablo but  new items and new weapons just isnt enough to save this game. Maps are 3  times bigger than the old Diablo. Other than that, this game is just a  waste of time because it runs and feels like the old Diablo which is  already a tired old engine to spend your gaming hours on. I enjoyed playing  Nox more than Diablo II. Newcomers in the Diablo world will feel just dandy  with this game. Old Diablo players will go ho-hum with this one. My take on  this game, wait for the retailers to put it on the bargain shelves.
The only diabolical thing about this game is how bad it is. Blizzard's strategy is this: make the game so much fun in the beginning that you sell lots o copies and than later it is no more fun. They make more money faster that way. But wasting money for this game which you will shelf after realizing there's nothing more to do is a bad idea. Hack, slash, pick up, hack slash, level up, pick up, hack, slash, player killer, hack, slash, kill, level up. That's how i can describe the game. Do yourself a favor, if you're a hack and slasher buy a hack and slasher that is actual FUN and doesn't try to be something it's not. RPG fans should really turn away from this....
Point, click, point, click, point, click.  Need I say more?  Incase you missed that it was point, click, repeat.  THIS GAME SUCKS!  I doubt the expansion will be any better.  I guess if you are twelve and you get your rocks off by having super items and being able to kill anyone in the game then it's sorta fun, but where's the challenge?  It took me ten minutes to master this game!  I cannot say enough bad things about this waste of money.
It's unfortunate that you have to buy these cards second hand now.Sony will do anything to make you buy newer versions of their PS-3.that have had constant complaints from customers.There are a lot of Very Good PS 1 GAMES OUT THERE,AND YOU CAN'T PLAY THEM WITHOUT THE MEMORY CARD.wEITE TO sony AND COMPLAIN.
My best advise is to never buy a memory card online! I couldn't save at all with out it needing to be reformatted each time. I suggest not to buy memory cards online.
NES is the best ever, SNES was great but N64 for me had no games that were nearly as memorible.  I enjoyed Doom 64, WCW/NWO games, MK Trilogy, Goldeneye, Banjo Kazooie and thats about it but again nothing really memorible.  The grapics were new at the time but look like total garbage now and I have no desire to play the N64 but I still play NES to this day.
When this thing was new it was certainly all the rage, but its main rival, the Sony Playstation was still a step ahead no matter Nintendo did.  Nintendo releases games like Goldeneye and Starfox, two GREAT games, but then Square and Sony release Final Fantasy VII to america, which certainly changed things.  On specifics, the N64 is 5 times more powerful than the playstation.  But the N64 cartridges hold no where near as much space as the playstations black CDs.  Why Nintendo didn't bother to use CDs as they originally planned confuses many to this date.  CDs last longer, and in truth, are harder to damage.  A bad drop on a tile floor may send fragments of plastic and silicon from your &quot;F-Zero X&quot; could be all over the kitchen floor.  Nintendo did have one thing going for it over Playstation, remakes of classic games.  With the 8bit Nintendo, they started some great games out.  Then with the 16bit Super Nintendo, they made 16bit counterparts to the 8bit games.  Now with this 64bit system, they made counterparts to the 16 bit games.  This was their edge, and it made the system sell very well.  In the long run was this systems downfall.  Games are much harder to produce for N64 than they are playstation.  Even though it it more powerful than the playstation, it is still second to it.  What will happen soon, is anyone guess.  Nintendo next year will release their new Gamecube.  Gamecube doesn't play DVDs like Sony's Playstation 2, and it doesn't appear so far to be anymore powerful.  Playstation 2 will be hard to beat for one, as you can see by it's current demand.  It seems that Nintendo has become the underdog, with giants such as Microsoft entering the race.  Perhaps they'll pull through, its unknown.  Sega's Dreamcast is certainly on it's way down, it will not be possible to compete with the much more powerful Playstation 2 and Microsoft's X-Box, and possibly the morepowerful gamecube.  Word to the wise, if you're planning to buy a top of the line system, I do not currently suggest this system.  Dreamcast is a good bet for the buck, but waiting a while seems to be a wiser choice.
Thanks to Nintendo's bright idea to make a system and double the graphics from the 32-bit Sega Saturn and Playstation systems, we get stuck with one of the worst sytems out there.  True Sega Saturn had lousy 3D graphics and  bad third-party support, no one can deniy the fact it had some great games  on it.  And I hate Playstation, but because they shaped their graphics just  right the games somehow came out looking better than N64.  Not only do we  get a really cheesy system, they also had to turn many classic 2D games and  turn them into horrible 3D games (Like Earthworm Jim 3D, Zelda, Donkey Kong  64, Kirby, Rayman 2, and so much more...)!  Plus the controll drove me  bonkers the way they controll it.  Sometimes the controll's bother me so  much I have to stop playing the game.  Plus because the games are in  cartriges (Lousy sound and space because of this) they cost [a lot]  and the games are usally short and don't last more than a couple of hours  before you're finished with the game.  And this is from someone who has  loved all their other systems they made.  Which is why I was crying after I  played this thing (I still think once was too painfull) at a friends house.  Complete waste of money.  I do not recomend.  Let's hope the Nintendo Cube  Box turns out better than this piece of trash.
This is argubaly the worst system EVER. The music is horrible sounding comparing to the beauty of the playstation. There are no good RPG games for  this system. The graphics in most games are nowhere near they could be and  overall a pathetic system. The best game it had was Goldeneye 007 and in my  mind that is the ONLY good game besides Perfect Dark to appear on the  entire system during its 4 years on the American Market.
I found this game to be just so so. With computer graphics you'd think that they'd be able to make the aliens more alien. They remind me of stormtroopers in black armour. I feel this game was limited to 1930's stile imagination.
As a Myst fan I looked forward to this game and was sure that since it was so difficult to find in my local store that it must have been great. Boy, was I wrong. I played through and found that the puzzles were pretty difficult simply because were totally unrelated to each other and the rest of the game in general. Running a PII 600 MHz machine the game gave me no problems and the graphics ran fine. I am not an extremely picky gamer and with a bit of a plot this game could have been tolerable. ... .
After playing this game, I have yet to see any of the "stunning 3D graphics and animation," as movement causes the graphics to merge with an extremely grainy texture. In fact, the landscapes were poorly rendered and did not impress me one bit. If this game was released about five or six years ago I might have been satisfied, but since then I've seen and played a lot of games, both good and bad. Control is lousy because there are only a few selected paths on which you can travel. I should be thankful I only paid $... for this, otherwise I would be extremely unhappy. NOTE: The only reason I gave this game one star is because amazon wouldn't allow me to give it zero stars.
I do like pastoral games, but this one was just a shade too soporific for me. I got about halfway through before I realized that I just didn't care if the aliens destroyed Earth or not. Bad sign!
I was so disappointed in this game.  It really had very little story line and the graphics were poorly done as well as the puzzles.  I may have spent 3 hours on this game from start to finish and continued to be disappointed with the ending of the game.  About all I can say about this game is that they tried...
I bought this when I was in my &quot;Adventure&quot; mode. Several other games earned my dollar, such as Lightbringer, Gabriel Knight 3, Kings Quest 8, etc. This one, however, was not really with the $19.95 I spent.The visuals are beautiful. The gameplay is too linear however. You have to &quot;do this&quot; before you can &quot;do that.&quot; There is no way to accomplish your goals in multiple ways. Whereas this concept was astonishing 3 years ago, it no longer appeals to the gamer.Another gripe: WAY TOO SHORT. If Al Gore had played and beaten this game, he would have demanded a recount and a re-recount. (LOL...oh, the political humor!)Buy this game only if you truly are a fan of mindless puzzles and rail gameplay. If you want a little more freedom in a game with a little more depth, story, character development and replay value, look elsewhere.
Okay, maybe not. But it's the second-worst I've ever played, Entombed (a $3 game so awful that Amazon doesn't even have it) having worse graphics and even more nonsensical puzzles.STORY: WEAKWho is Ozgar? Who are the Arkonians? Why do they hate each other? Why does Ozgar hate you? Is Ozgar really Darth Vader or does he just act like it?These questions, alas, shall go unanswered. I don't think I'm willing to buy the second game to see if there're any new revelations.Graphics: MediocreAm I unique in not liking when when the resolution is better during movement cutscenes than when you're standing still? I don't think so. "Wave that picture around, I need to get a good look at it."PUZZLES: What?Much too simple and uninventive. What is all this stuff and what's it for? If I can figure out a code simply by trying random combinations, it's too simple.ENDING:You get one screenshot. It doesn't even move. That's your reward for slogging through this awful game.REPLAY VALUE: Why?If you're really bored- and I mean REALLY bored - maybe you might see how fast you can run through it or something. But only if your friends are all sick, your internet connection is down and you've played all the Minesweeper you can stand.VERDICT: STAY AWAY. STAY FAR AWAY. Play Myst. It's better.
Keeping in mind the age of the game, this was a decent, if somewhat frustrating outing for the adventure game genre.  The game takes place in a BLADE-RUNNER inspired near future, which is evident by the flying cars and the dark metroplis in which it is set.  The plot revolves around a terrorist group and a corporate conglomerate trying to harness a new invention that may very well turn into global mind-control.  Your character has to figure out the truth of what is occurring and choose which side he is on.As I said, the look of the game is straight out of the BLADE RUNNER game from a few years previous.  But the gameplay is much different - at its core, it's still an adventure game.  You collect items to be used on objects at later times, sometimes in combination with other items.We've seen this variation more times than we can count, at this point - however, I have gotten used to the recent games and the innovations they have offered, so it was a bit of a shock to jump back 11 years to "the way things used to be" - by this I mean there were many unwelcome elements to the game that served to draw it out longer than it should have.  Most notably, getting from one pre-rendered area to the next often meant having to sit still and wait while my guy walks from one side of the screen to the other.Furthermore, this being an event-triggering game means you may talk to one person, then talk to a few more and find yourself at a seeming dead end, because you don't realize that the first character you talked to NOW has something new to say or offer based on events you've triggered since talking to him.  This backtracking stretches the game out longer than it should be.Also, in an attempt to add some depth, I guess, the game features ALOT of objects you can scan that end up being useless.  This, however, causes you to miss some things along the way.  I would search a cabinet and have the character tell me everything that was in there, and what objects he was taking.  Later, I'd search a shelf and be told "NOTHING OF INTEREST."  And yet sitting ON that shelf was the very object I needed, I just had to see it and click on it separately - this feels like a bit of a cheap trick!What's even more irritating is the attitude and voice acting of the main character.  I think they were going for a film noir style, but half the time, clicking on something useless would result in him simply saying "NAAAAAHHHH!"  At other times, though, you wouldn't even get that, but a simply shrug of the shoulders as if to say, "what do you want me to do about it!?"  I don't know why, but I found this "attitude" to be supremely annoying!The story was par for the course for an adventure game.  Predictable, entertaining enough but certainly not worthy of a film or book adaptation.Graphically, the game was pretty good considering its age.  Once again, think BLADE RUNNER style drab and dark.  It certainly isn't pretty, by any stretch - but it has a consistent style appropriate to the story.If you find it cheap at Half-Price Books as I did, you'll make an enjoyable weekend distraction of it - but I wouldn't go out of my way to add it to your collection.
Rayman 2 requires a more sophisticated video card than my year old computer has,(although I've never had problems with any other program) but when I e-mailed the technical support address several times to try to work out the problem, I received no response. My stepdaughter tried to get it to run on her even newer computer, but found it froze up every time. Disappointed and dissatisfied.
Now let me tell you straight that Rayman is one of the best games I have  ever played!  With wonderous worlds, challenging levels, and memorable  charicters make it a game to be hold!  That where Rayman 2 comes in.  Gone  are all the great stuff I mentioned above, clearly a fatele mistake on Ubi  Soft's part.  We have none of the returning cast (Except for Rayman of  course), choppy 3D graphics (A lot of the graphics look like they were  painted on the game), and very little challenge makes this a tradgity!  I've had this game for little over three days and have unlocked all the  secrets AND beat the game!!!  The first had me playing for months.  And  when I was finished with it I shed a tear of joy and said: &quot;Now THAT  was a game!&quot;  I'm still wondering how this can be called a sequal,  it's terrible!  I'm truly offended by this game!  All those who praise this  game have probibly never played the first game!  I beg of all those who  read this reveiw, please play the first game first to see what Rayman truly  has to offer you!  This game is just a wasted game.  I hope Ubi Soft wises  up with Rayman 3 or I'll just have to shelf the game as &quot;A game that  got killed, when turned to 3D.&quot;  Boo, hoo!!!
First let me start by saying I have nothing against this game. It is a classic and I recommend it to anyone who loves video games. I gave it one star because of the computer compatibility.If you have anything above Windows ME or maybe even XP, do NOT buy this game. It will not even start on your computer. If you want to play Rayman 2, go to GOG.com and buy it for a few bucks. They make their games compatible with newer operating systems.
Get it through your head THIS GAME stinks First of all the graphics suck,boring gameplay(I usually like realistic military games), coudn't acess campaign, takes forever to install.I would give this game 0 stars. I just bought it about 1 hour ago played it for 15 min. and then got bored... Try the Unreal series , half life or rainbow 6
It seems that most of the people who played this game liked it.  And I must say that when I got it, I was expecting a better experience than I got, something along the lines of Rainbow Six with more running and shooting.  However, as opposed to most of the reviews I saw, Delta Force was a huge dissapointment.  With horrible graphics (Maybe it's my computer, but they didn't even have a strafing animation or realistic grass) and stupid extras as weapons (see the pathetic explosion from a strike) the game was a massive waste of money.  I'm beginning to think that everone likes it because it's so cheap.
Okay. Some people (Like 10 and 12 year olds) think this game is sooo cool. This game so very unrealitic. Infact, everything about this game is stupid. The weapons are okay, but when you fire, there is no recoil that makes you reticule (The cross thingy that helps you aim) go up and down. Also, 1 shot from any gun kills an enemy (Which is pathetic) so why put your M4A1 rifle on burst? Just use single shot to conserve ammo. The games graffics are as [bad] and the screams that the enemies make when you shoot them are corny and cartoony. I suggest that you do not buy this game because of the reasons listed above. Please, save your money and buy a better game like Counter-Strike (The best game ever made) Half-Life (The second best) or Rainbow Six: Raven Shield (The third best) If you are looking for realism, DO NOT look here at this game. Its pathetic.
I bought this game at a fairly low price, and when I started playing, I was totally amazed - at the incredibly bad graphics.The game featured a basic HUD with two annoyingly large bars, placed above and below it. That was the first thing I noticed. Next I saw that the terrain was sort of fuzzy, and my gun wasn't all that impressive either.&quot;OK...,&quot; I said to myself. &quot;Why don't I try walking around and see if this gets any better?&quot; So I did. Guess what? No gun sway! Every stinkin FPS game I've every seen had some sort of movement with the gun (Ok, maybe not Wolfenstein 3d, but still!).So, anyway, I tried firing the gun - barely any recoil at all. I tried a pistol just to see if the hammer would pull back but it did not.Anywayz terrible graphics = boring game. Enough said
I own this game.  I have gotten a 5 star rating once but it is dumb because if you run out of money and go into debt you can't get your money back or build anything.  The people get impatient and stressed out and then they start taking your money away.  I would recommend that you buy Spider Man or the Spider Man Movie Game instead of this annoying game that never ends.
Sim Copter is a quite old game (1997). The idea is that you start out with A helicopter and some money, you need too complete missions to earn more to buy new copters, and accesories. After you've completed all the missions you move on to the next city with tougher missions (and more money). The gameplay is OK but the controls aer'nt very realistic. The graphics are horrific the cars, sims, and some buildings arent even textured . The music and the sound effects are lacking and there's no ambiant sound. You can upload SimCity 2000 cities and play in them but its useless with SimCity 3000. The game does have quite A few bugs, sims can get stuck, your pilot can get stuck too and if you do it right your pilot can jump out right as your taking off and your copter will crash. Overall this game is OK but maxis ought to remake it with better graphics, less bugs, more levels and stuff to buy, and to work with SimCity 3000 cities. But you still should'nt get it there's just to many problems.
They make a game that surpasses the power of most if not all computers of 1999(the year it was made) and probably for many years to come.  Like Wing Commander III it was Unplayable when it was out and it is now... But for different reasons.  Yeah, in a couple of years you'll have that nice P9 /9 ghz with a Voodoo 7/75000 and whatever but will your operating system be compatible? No.  These showy graphics games like this are useless.  No computer can run them. Not now. Not ever.  If I had a super-duper Voodoo 7/7500 ect. I could probably give you an acurate review.  Who has that?(with windows 98).  As for graphics they are excellent, stupendous, never seen anything like them; but since they are like a slide show I just see them as adequete.  I imagine butterflys and what not flying gracefully and that would be &quot;stupendous&quot; but it's just stupid on my machine.  The acting is not as bad as people make it out to be... It is... Well.. Adequate... For a game.  Not as bad as Animae cartoons... Almost not.  Dungeons are fun and beautiful but are like tome raider(a lot of people say that and now so do I).  It's pretty though and has dialogue.  Raven's fun.  Get Redguard(not at-all bad acting) or Tomb raider they will surely work on most computers.  The only difference is this one does not.
Looking past the buggy engine and gameplay, the game is incredibly inconstant with previous Ultima games AND itself. The Avatar has to has...What a paladin is...this is just EA squeezing the last bit of promise from this game....One of the Avatar's Companions, Sir Dupre...for 4 games...Was a Paladin, and he sacrificed himself in the Stead of the Avatar in Ultima 7. That one line of Dialog killed the game for me.Don't waste your money and get one of the Better Ultima games.
I bought this with the hopes of a fun, addictive and diverse roleplaying game. Unfortunatly that didn't exactly turn out to be the case. The only way I see fit to best describe this game is by listing the pros and cons.PROS:1. AMAZING graphics, makes you really feel like your in an actual world.2. NPC's have sets of speech that actual actors speak.3. Easy to play4. Fully Useable Terrain, climb mountains, swim, get lost in the forest.5. Day and Night Cycles and RainstormsCONS:1. Huge Requirements, This required(s) a beastly system to play on otherwise it's really choppy or in some cases doesn't even work.2. BUGGY, There is tons of bugs that managed to make it on here that can make you very frusterated while playing.3. The main quest is almost always boring! Even worse most of the side quests pertain directly to the main quest. This makes almost everything seemed forced. When your doing something, your doing it because according to the quest your on you have to.4. Combat is also very boring, Archer,Staff fighter, Swordsman, its all the same (just run up to what your fighting and click away BORING)5. There is no &quot;working up skills&quot; The only advances your character gets are from completing part of the quest. ONCE AGAIN VERY FORCED PLAYSTYLE.6. Sure the magic spells are neat, but most of them are useless. (I easily got through the whole game using minor heal and fireball)7. The game is often to challenging to be fun, I cant count how many times I absolutly HAD to refer to a walkthrough because I was stuck. Most of the time the solution to being stuck was something i truely would have never found without looking at the guide.8. Dungeons are almost all based on puzzles, Sure the puzzles were cool but with the exception of a few rats you might have to kill here and there the puzzles are all you do! BORING9. Your Virture you get in the beggining of the game had nothing to do with anything! It may say you start on the path of a druid, but all that actually means is you will start with different equipment than that of a shepard. (I was a tinker, {did hat i start with have anything to do with a tinker NO})10. I thought the ending was terrible, I played the game for about 80 playing hours for this!11.. I Save the worst for last. ITS QUITE EASY TO SCREW THE GAME OVER. You have to do the quest exactly as your told or you can screw up the game and have to reload (this should never happen in a game.) In worst cases you may be following the quest and do something wrong withen it which causes the game to screw up. I vividly remember having to reload way back in time because i did the Sacrifice quest before the Justice quest, even though the option to do the Sacrifice quest was given to me, The game apparently wanted me to do the Jusstice quest first.If you want a good roleplaying game I really wouldn't recommend this. This game was hardly diverse, boring and virtually everything you did in it was forced.
It is really a shame that this game was never updated for windows XP. You can run most of the features, but the practice shooting range no longer works and this is an important feature. You need to practice to do well in solving the puzzles. I wrote to them a while back but they showed no interest in providing a fix. I guess they made their money and don't care.
Yet another in the turgid 'Wing Commander' series, 'Prophecy'thankfully reduces the amount of dull, plotless FMV, whilst notsignificantly improving the gameplay, which doesn't seem to have evolved very much since the original 'Wing Commander'. Your ship still doesn't 'feel' as if it is flying through space, the supposedly-invincible bad guys are more of a nuisance than a threat, and if you fail a mission it will probably be because you failed to protect something that you were not told about.Imagine watching a bad, low-budget science fiction film whilst playing a modern homage to 'Star Raiders' and you have the game in a nutshell. END
I would have love to play this game but it would not work for windows 8 and windows Xp or windows 98 It is new and the intro before the selecting a new game works but when I get into a new game it keeps giving me an error that won't allow me to get in it keeps giving me an error so I keep closing the program if there is a patch that would resolve the problem great otherwise than that I would never play the game again the box looks great and the manual as well looks great thanks
The controls are hard to use, it's almost imposible to order your units to attack enemy units because they move to fast. The 3D graphics are terrible and the sound is mediocre. The game says you can play multiplayer on 56K or better but you realy need DSL or something. The so called tricorder is imposible to use. The missions are way to hard and you can only save at the end of your mission so you'le end up playing for hours trying to finish. If you want good 3D strategy dont look here.
Star Trek New Worlds gave us the promise of &quot;Starcraft meets Star Trek.&quot; When starting the game, you believe you are going to get this, but then things go wrong...very wrong.First of all, there doesn't seem to be any logical method to what you need to build. Sure, you need power and mining, but every other required building's function seems to be very vague.Next, the missions seem very difficult to complete. You build the required buildings and go on the missions, but it sometimes takes up to an hour to really get going.All of this is made even more frustrating because of a lack of a Save Game feature. If this game had one, it would make it so much better. You play for an hour or so and then loose. It is a horrible experience.The most positive aspects of the game lie in the story and graphics. The opening movie and continuing story are excellent and very much in the spirit of &quot;Star Trek.&quot; The graphics are also top notch and are really detailed.Overall, I cannot recommend this game. If it had a save game feature, you could overlook the other flaws and have a good time.
I guess I'll never learn about the latest incarnation of &quot;Star Trek&quot; games.  I had earlier complained about &quot;Klingon Academy&quot;, and now it's time to complain about his game.  It was great at first, with the graphics and all, but now that I've had it for a while, it just about stinks.  It took me forever just to complete the first mission.  I've been on the second forever!  I've managed to build the colony, mine the dilithium required, but I can never find that archeological area you're supposed to run science scans on.  They need a strategy book for this game.  It's just too hard to understand.
My God, if this is a game, it needs to be called Destruction Derby because of all the crashes.  My computer is WAAAAAAAAY above minimun specs for this game, and I experience crash after crash.  The fact that there is no in game save option really [stinks] also because you have to start the mission over after your game crashes.  The only reason this game got a star was because the graphics and movies are cool, but as far as game play and interface.... it [stinks].  The game isn't hard, it's just time consuming, and gets really frustrating when you have to restart you computer every half an hour or so because of the crashes.  Don't ask interplay if you there will be a patch out soon either, they won't respond, lately they have just been shoving games out on the market half finished and then not providing help to the customers who bought the games.  I know I'm not the only person experiencing these problems because I bought the game with three other people and they have them also, and feel the same as I do.  Quite frankly this is the last game I will ever purchase from them.
As I'm unable to "fully" review this game, let me just say, the game is not compatible with WIN XP.  If you are lucky (or foolish) enough to still be running Win 98, then you may be able to get the game to load.
I really want to know who it is out there who seems to think that because you slap a recognizable name like Star Trek on a product and sell it is all one has to do. I also want to know how it is that two completely separate game companies, Interplay and Activision, can produce two separate games  (Starfleet Command and Star Trek: Armada) that work almost the same and  reek of the same shoddy workmanship. It is products like these that make me  realize why I have abandoned Star Trek fandom in the first place. Because  like Deep Space Nine and Voyager, they are so lacking in the creativity  that made the franchise so worthwhile in the first place.Starfleet  Command-a space combat game by Interplay (Quicksilver), is so bereft  intuitive control that it becomes a laborious task to make any ship you  control do anything useful. Case in point, in my first mission with my  frigate sent after Orion pirates, it took me 15 minutes just to hammer down  the enemy ship's shields and constantly fiddling with my ship's weapons  systems just to get it to fire at the Orion. Of course while all this is  going on my frigate is endless rotating and turning all over the map. Why  should it be harder to NOT do something than it is to do something. At  least in Armada you can simply drag-and-select your ship(s) and click  elsewhere on the map to get them to go there. In Starfleet Command, it  takes so long to get your ship to do anything that I was given to wonder  why I had to select crew members for my new ship in the first place.And why, in the year 2000, with all the great computer games out there and  the high level of coding in those games, are we still playing so-called 3D  space combat games in 2 dimensions? I do not care if they is based on the  Starfleet Battles board game, I played that to and realized that it was  limitation with it as well. Why is it so hard to work in the 3rd dimension  and enable the player to go `Up' or `Down'? We live in a 3 dimensional  world and as Homeworld proved, it's easy to control, because the  programmers made an interface that was simple and intuitive as well as  functional. I am also given to wonder why people are not more critical  about products like this when they are so inferior when compared to similar  programs. If you comparison shop for a car, why wouldn't you do the same  for a piece of software. It isn't like Starfleet Command is the only one of  its kind. It is your money afterall.Just because it has `Star Trek'  tacked on to it does not automatically make it good: Remember Star Trek  Voyager? Maybe my standards are too high or maybe I shouldn't feel ripped  off for spending $... and having the pervasive sense of not getting my  money's worth.
The problem with Star Trek games is that they try to be too much like Star Trek. Sound confusing? It is. To break the mold, Star Trek producers are going to have to lean on other designs because the way they make their games now just isn't getting it done. I mean, how can one series of games, with all the countless titles, all be so mind-numbingly below average games?The problem with Starfleet Command is ambition. The game boasts true 3-D combat. This isn't true in the slightest. If you want 3-D space combat, go buy Homeworld. Starfleet command is on two axi, the X and Y. No mention whatsoever of the Z axis. Everything is played on a flat plane. Now, I'm no expert of space travel, but this just isn't accurate, nor does it make for an enjoyable experience.Don't expect to use your torpedoes with this game either. They miss almost every time you launch them. And it isn't because of anything you're doing wrong: they just miss. The game is also very hard to figure out in its ship setup stage. If you want to load certain shuttles on your ship, you actually have to tell the game to NOT load them to get them to be there. It is backwards thinking, and I cannot believe that they shipped the game with errors in the interface like this.Overall, it isn't terribly bad, but is not very good either. It is better than 2 stars but not quite at 3 stars either. I'd rate it 50%. It has some nice features, such as being able to command a starship and be in charge of every feature of that ship, but you soon find that, with the absense of hotkeys for most parts of the ship, this game turns into a micromanagement simulation when you don't have time to micromanage because you're being shot at. The AI is generally dumb in the game when they are isolated, but some missions can be near impossible, and combine that with the fact that your &quot;wingmen&quot; do not do anything helpful, it can be very frustrating when trying to destroy over 30 Orion Pirate ships in one certain Federation mission. That's just it: some missions are impossible to beat, and the strategy guide does not help in the slightest.To make a long story short, I played this game for about 10 days, then uninstalled it on my hard drive and sold it in an online auction. The game just does not deliver what it should for what a starship combat simulation should.
This game is so boring, I never finished it. For one, you can't die, you just resurrect, so why even care if you get killed. Also, you can get lost and never finish a mission and not care because even if you do, nothing happens. You don't build up armor or weapons and who cares any ways because, oh right, you can't die. You also can't build up a hunting party and people you meet have no real purpose because you can go anywhere. I never figured out the importance of any of the story line.
I'm giving 1 star because this is one of the cheapest packages I have ever bought, it looks like a pirated copy! No, wait, a pirated copy would look better!!All the disks came in a single case, onve over the other (which caused scratches in almost all of them),Oh and all the cool covers on the disks? horrible black and white labels!I regret buying this!
I really had my heart set on Toy Commander and when I got it, the game just didn't deliver! The game concept is really cool on paper but it didn't translate into a good game. The jerky camera which comes as a result of the poor vehicle control actually makes me sick everytime I play it! Control is so important in any 3D game and this game just lacking, big time!The multi player mode is also disappointing as the small vehicles get lost among the colourful stages. The game is just not fun! The graphics and the sounds are great but the game is just lacking in the fun department.I'm sorry people but the bottom line is that you can pass on this game and be quite contented because you saved a couple of bucks.
&quot;De plane! De plane! It's stuttering! De plane!&quot; First of let me say that you need a computer the size of the Empire state building to run this game. I got a PIII 800 with a GeForce 256 card and a 256 memory and  this game tore it to shreds in a matter of minutes. This made me think  again about upgrading my system. As long as you fly straight it's ok; that  is if you want to fly to the North pole or the South pole everytime you  boot up this game. But once you turn the aircraft, you'll experience  graphics turbulence. You'll feel your computer shudder and shake as it  battles it's way to redraw the scenery. You'll see your frames slow down  really bad. Lower the graphics settings? Try it and you'll just make this  game laugh in your face. Download the patch? Yes, I did and it was still  stuttering. You can make every upgrade you want on your computer but if the  game is the problem then it's a lost cause. If you're thinking about  picking up this game, make sure you have a powerful computer that runs on  nuclear energy. Like most other Microsoft Flight Sims, this one is geared  more towards the gamer side and not so much on the real simulator  enthusiasts. The planes are just too easy to fly. You could ask your kid  brother to do the take-off procedure. Realism is not that all real as the  game boasts itself to be. The game does have its own pluses though like a  huge database of airports, downloadable Jeppesen weather reports, and of  course there's a lot of third party support on this. If you're a gamer who  wants to try flight sims then pick this game up. If you're a simulator ,  then pick up something else like Fly 2K! (very realistic) or Aerowinx  744(very very realistic).
I've played almost every flight sim available today, and some that are so old that they haven't been available in years. I have hoped and  waited for Microsoft to release a Flight Simulator program that not only gets the flight dynamics of a real plane correct, but also gets the  graphics up to par with some of the other less realistic simulators (combat sims mostly). Flight Simulator 2000 disappoints again. I am  running a very high end system with a very powerful video card and the graphics on this game still are bad. When you look out of the  sides of the airplane (left, right, back, etc) the program requires 'loading time' in order to render the cockpit art. Totally unacceptable in  my book. No amount of settings adjusting could correct this on my computer.If the largest software company in the world is going to release a program, and charge 50 bucks a pop for it, I think that the graphics  should not only be adequate but should absolutely kick some behind! Flight Simulator is a serious disappointment in that department.The dynamics are interesting. I guess if all you want to do is look straight ahead and instrument fly you are in luck here because the  dynamics seem to be fairly realistic. The adjustable difficulty settings are nice and the variety of airports to take off and land on are a nice  feature as well (though there isn't much difference between runways as far as particular problems in approach are concerned, because the  MS flight sim world is COMPLETELY FLAT).Poor showing Microsoft. Hire some coders who can make the artwork something other than ameturish and you may just have something.  Look to some of your competitors work for an example, or take a ride in a real plane and make an attempt to recreate not only the way  it handles, but how the world really looks and what it is like to turn your head around in a cockpit. I guarantee it is nothing like FS 2000.
This is just like Starcraft except it's not nearly as good....if you like Starcraft this is a big dissapointment compared to it.
The first Age of Empires was great. The second one just plain sucked. Sure it has good graphics and an easy to use interface, but the game would always crash both of my computers. You can only play in 800x600 or above  which is a downside also. My computers are not old either, one is a 300p-2  160megs ram 17 inch monitor, voodoo3 etc. The other is a 450 amd k6-2 96  megs ram, Ati graphics, 15 inch monitor. I just wanted to put this warning  out to those who will be purchasing it. It may work fine for you, but I had  problems. It sure is not addictive as the first AOE. Buggy software! Blahh!  I am not anti Microsoft by the way.
Asheron's Call is a basic RPG played online. You create your character from three different races of humans (basically English, Arabian or Japanese) and then assign skills and stats to customize your character. And then you're launched into the world of Asheron's Call.The first thing that strikes you is the scale of the game. It's huge. The second thing is the unavoidable question: What do I do know? Now here's what I did: After entering the game I wandered around for an hour or two trying to make scense of it all. I was then asked by another player if I wanted to swear allegiance to him (which meant that he would be my patron and help me get started with my char.). So I then followed my patron around for a few hours and did what he told me to do. I killed a lot of monsters and was given a lot of equipment. This quickly became boring and I quit playing and traded the game in at my local games store for a copy of &quot;Sacrifice&quot; (which was much more exciting).The main problem with an online RPG is, in my opinion, the lack of meaning or a goal. At least in the beginning. You just wander around and kill things. There's no quests. There's no nothing. Just wandering around in this huge (note: to get an idea of how huge it really is, read Douglas Adam's description of infinity in &quot;The Hitchiker's Guide To The Galaxy&quot;) world. Another things that really bothers me, is the fact that you have to pay a monthly fee ($... in this case) to play a game you initially paid a fair sum of money for (in my case, $...). Why is this? I'm sure there are some expences in keeping the servers going, but not $... a month for each player. On Microsoft's webpages, it said that there were over 200k people playing the game. Multiply that number by $... and you get the staggering amount of $... a month (no way it costs that much to maintain the servers). Capitalism rules, I guess.
Okay, here it is in a nutshell.  The graphics bite, and bite HARD.  The spell component system is so difficult that playing hack and slash by default is much more preferable.  And there is little if any help by the  GMs.  My two cents.  Buy at your own risk.
Even though this game has a HUGE map, great graphics, and everything you need to make the perfect RPG, it still stinks. I know this may sound crazy but it really isint. The main problem is combat. You select where you want to attack (high, medium, or low) and the computer does the rest. Also you have to pay 10.00 a month to play it. There are many other reasons why this game is absolutely no fun to play but trust me it is no fun at all. Remember, great graphics does not make a game, gameplay does.
I have over 40 or 50 game boy color and and game boy games alone besides from just game boy advance.  Here's the games out of all about 50 games some I have.  Some I don't.  And some I traded in a while back and some I'm going to get for game boy and game boy color.Here's what this memory card WILL SAVE:1. Pokemon Pinball - GBC2. Pokemon -(Red Version) - GBC3. Pokemon -(Blue Version) - GBC4. Pokemon -(Gold Version) - GBC5. Pokemon -(Silver Version) - GBC6. Pokemon -(Yellow Version) - GBC7. Tetris - GBC8. Super Mario - GBC9. TopGear Pocket 2 - GBC10. Lego Racers - GBC11. Hamtaro-Ham Ham's Unite - GBC12. The legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening - GB13. The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Ages - GBC14. The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons - GBC15. Wario Land 2 - GBC16. Wario land 3 - GBC17. Donkey Kong Land - GB18. Donkey Kong Land 2 - GB19. Donkey Kong Land 3 - GB20. Donkey Kong Country - GBC21. Mickey's Racing Adventure - GBC22. Mary Kate and Ashley Pocket Planner - GBC23. Dragon Warrior Monsters - GBC24. Dragon Warrior Monsters 2: Cobi's Journey - GBC25. Dragon Warrior Monsters 2: Tara's Adventure - GBC26. Nsync (Get to the show) - GBC27. Grand Theft Auto - GBC28. Grand Theft Auto 2 - GBC29. Harvest Moon 1 - GBC30. Harvest Moon 2 - GBC31. Harvest Moon 3 - GBC32. Dragon Ball Z Legendary Super Warriors - GBCI bought this memory card brand new in the box it said it could save over a 100 different games let me know what the other 68 games are that it CAN SAVE will be greatly appriated thank you.By the way this device DOES work on a GB, GBC, GBA, and GBA SP.Here are the games the Mega Memory Card WILL NOT SAVE:1. Animaniacs - GB2. BeetleJuice - GB3. The Flintstones (Movie) - GB4. The Hunchback of Notre Dame - GB5. The Ren and Stimpy Show (Veediots!) - GB6. The Rugrats (Movie) - GB7. Looney Tunes (Carrot Crazy) - GBC8. Bugs Bunny (Crazy Castle 3) - GBC9. Daffy Duck (Fowl Play) - GBC10. Tazmanian Devil (Munching Madness) - GBC11. Kelly Club - GBC12. Little Nicky - GBC13. M&M;'s Mini's Madness - GBC14. The Flintstones (Burgertime in Bedrock) - GBC15. 102 Dalmations (Puppies to the rescue) - GBC16. Rugrats (Time Traveler's) - GBC17. Rugrats (Totally Angelica) - GBC18. Rugrats in Paris (Movie) - GBC19. Gremlins 2 - GB20. Home Alone - GB21. Revenge of the Gator - GB22. The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle - GB23. Speedy Gonzales (Aztec Adventures) - GBC24. Tarzan - GBC25. The PowerPuff Girls (Battle Him) - GBC26. The PowerPuff Girls (Bad Mojo Jojo) - GBC27. The PowerPuff Girls (Paint the town green) - GBC28. Woody Woodpecker (Escape from Buzzard Park) - GBC29. Game Boy Camera (Colors in Red, Blue, Green, & Yellow) - GB30. Toy Story 2 - GBC31. Spongebob Squarepants (Legend of the lost spatula) - GBC32. The Simpsons (Night of the living tree house of horror) - GBC33. Mary-Kate and Ashley (Get a clue) - GBCSo for those of you buying this memory card for whatever GB System you have whether it be a GB, GBC, GBA, or GBA SP remember if your buying this to see what all games it can save do not get the games that have passwords on them you'll deeply regret it.  If your only buying games that this memory card can save then get games that don't have passwords.  If your buying both type's of games ones with passwords and ones with out keep the ones with passwords to 1 side and the other games that are a save as you go type by them selfs like for an example as save as you go it mean games like Pokemon and a few other differen't types of games believe it or not but Pokemon games are not the only games they did that with making them save as you go types they also did it with Mario and few Disney and Nickelodeon games for the GB and GBC too.Well get this Memory card if you have a lot of SAYG games.By the way SAYG means save as you go.
This game should have NEVER been released in its current state. Its load times are unacceptable. Both games feel like chores playing because of how long everything takes due to very poor emulation. Squaresoft wanted to make as much money as they could with the game without having to spend any money to hire someone who could make the game work properly with the PS1. This is an extremely bad port of FF5 and FF6. FF5 freezes very often when you try to save. Also its load times are long. Not to mention this is the original translation of the game, so be prepared to have a certain character talk like a drunken brain damaged pirate the entire game. FF5 just butchers the English language. FF6 is the same as it was on SNES except for extremely long load times. It becomes a chore trying to open the menu to heal your character or whatever. The long load times really take away from the games and just makes the whole thing a bad experience. Stick to the SNES or get these games on gameboy advance. Also FF5 is exactly the same on PSN as it was in anthology. LONG LONG load times as well as being incompatible with your PS3 half the time. Shame on you square soft, shame.
Well if it is anything like FF2, I might not play them, I liked FF1 and FF2 but they are too simple for me to finsih
I don't like this game. It is terrible. Terrible graphics and the fact that you can't use the joystick makes it harder to play. This is the worst james bond game I've ever played. I'm returning it.
When I was taking this game to the checkout line I anticipated a great classic on par with F Zero X but what I got was a complete waste of money.Talk about a disaster this game was just like one huge train wreck.Not fun at all and the graphics are some of the ugliest most bland landscapes Ive ever seen.This game is an insult to the N64.Instead get Ocarina Of Time,Perfect Dark,Super Smash Bros or F Zero X.Pass on this.
I picked this up for free pretty much, I didnt know what to expect. I liked the PC and GBC versions, but this one has gone a completly different way. It only has one veiw, from behind. It would have been so much better to have a top view(sky cam) or veiw from the side like in Hot Wheels Stunt Something that are on GB and PC and probably every other platform. The one veiw is just no good.It's not at all hard to play. But it's got no real challenge to it, the graphics may be better then the side angled other version of Hot Wheels games, but this one being from behind and all, it is not as much fun.This game would be great for kids under 13, especiely under 6.. the controls are ok I guess, the graphics arnt so bad but could have been a lot better, the commentry is annoying till you turn it down.Buy it for the kids maybe, but anyone into a real race game will find it's lack of reply value disapointing.
I think that the review at the top of this game has it right -- not enough questions.  Also, the $100 through $1000 questions are too hard (compared to the TV show).Another annoying feature is the inability to skip past stuff that you have seen a million times, that is redundant to you.I bought this game out of boredom, and I think that I paid about $... for it.  If you like the TV show, then don't pay any more than that.  But, if you see it on the rack real cheap, then hey, pick it up.
Would have a good review if the developers spent more than five minutes slapping this together.  By the second or third time through the questions were already repeating themselves - awful!  Plus multiplayer is just a &quot;fastest-finger&quot; question to determine who plays solo.  Big deal!The worst part is the game only runs about two or three times before it crashes on startup.  This is on an Intel PC with name-brand components, no cheap swap-meet stuff.  The only solution has been to uninstall and reinstall the game.  A visit to the Disney Interactive site for tech support... umm where is it?  Because of this I can't recommend anyone purchase this game.They've come out with a second edition of this game (wow, so quick?)  Perhaps this version works?
When Millionaire first was on in the summer of 1999, I was thoroughly addicted. This was novel, new television. Now, of course, it's repetitive and boring, but for a while there was really a spark there.The computer game, however, always.... It hogged memory, was hard to control, and wasn't very much fun. It's sad, but the online free version at ABC.com was a lot more fun. I generally don't like games where there's no flexibility and very little fun, so if you're like me (and I would hope so!), avoid this one!
Holy fat mama! This game was the most hideous thing I have ever played.  Not only is it easier than the TV show, its twice as dumb!  The first and second questions I was asked the first time I played were the same stinkin'  question.  From the third game on, I never went without a repeat question.  You should stay away from this.  It will probably eventually drive you  insane by the low-fi sound clip of Regis saying &quot;Final Answer?&quot;  anyways.  Try some of the not-as-pathetic games by eXpert software.  Such  as extreme paintball, deer hunter, and other quickly thrown together  titles.  It gets a second star for being functional (barely)
Man, I never knew Phil Regis could be this ANNOYING!  Since some of the first few questions are ludicrously hard (which is totally unlike the show), and it gives you 30 seconds to answer the question (which is ALSO  totally unlike the show), I have to restart the game A LOT, which means I  hear Phil Regis A LOT.  A &quot;skip&quot; button should've been put into  the game!  I haven't recieved any repeat questions after about 3 months of  owning the game.  How?  I uninstalled it after 30 minutes and never played  it again!  Trust me, you'd get more fun out of an electronic whoopee  cushion than this game...and it's $5 cheaper!
I am 15 years old. This is my first review (out of about 30) that is a 1-star review. And I have 18 (give or take a few) reasons why I hate this game so much:1. After the first game, the questions started repeating. The game is basically the same 40 questions over and over again.2. You can't skip the introduction. I know it's not too long, but you'd think that with today's technology there'd be an option to skip it.3. Regis is appallingly rude. Once I won nothing and he said, &quot;Welll, there you go. Don't spend it all in one place. In fact, don't spend it at all. Put it in the bank! In 40 years, maybe you'll be able to afford a marble or something!&quot;4. Once a $200 question appeared later as a $32,000 question. Um, that's not good.5. The questions from $100 to $1,000 are too difficult (compared to the show). For example, the show had a $1,000 question that was &quot;How many legs does a spider have?&quot; But the game had a $1,000 question that was &quot;What kind of object is a 'ginsu'?&quot;6. Once again, Regis is appallingly rude. Once I won $1,000 and he said, &quot;Not bad, But at least you should've known the last one. Come on! Or at least you should've GUESSED better!&quot;7. Regis only says &quot;Is that your final answer?&quot; whenever he wants to. Most of the time, your first answer IS your final answer, even if you happened to hit the wrong button by mistake.8. There's a ridiculous time limit of 30 seconds per question. I've seen people on the show take as long as 17 minutes.9. The Fastest Finger mode is a joke. You're supposed to hit a letter key when you think the four answers are in the correct sequence. You don't actually put them in order.10. Regis is appallingly impatient. If you take too long on certain things (like the Fastest Finger mode, or saying how many contestants will play), he'll say, &quot;This game is over! I'm outta here!&quot;, and the game quits on you. Yep, you're back to Windows! And guess what? Once you load it back up again.....11. ......you'll have to sit through the introduction again!12. There's a general lack of options. When you hit the Escape key, you bring up the option menu, and you have these options: Volume Up, Volume Down, Resume, Start Over, Quit. There's no way to make the questions easier or harder, and there's no way to skip the introduction.13. Speaking of which, when you select Start Over, the whole program starts over. Yep, you'll have to sit through the introduction again!14. Once again, Regis is appallingly impatient. If you take too long to write your name, Regis will say, &quot;Come on, it's not a big deal&quot;, or &quot;This isn't a trick question, what's your name?&quot; If you take too long, he'll type whatever he wants (e.g. Kathie Lee Gifford).15. When you use the Phone-a-Friend Lifeline, Regis calls one of HIS friends and they start chatting a little before they get to the question. Then he'll say to his friend, &quot;I've got a question for you&quot;, as if you're not even there. I mean, come on, it's YOUR lifeline, not Regis's!16. What's wrong with having an option to use the mouse?17. When you say &quot;yes&quot; to the instructions, Regis only gives them to you once. This is especially annoying in the Fastest Finger mode, in which you're pretty much doomed to load the game up again once it quits.18. Did I mention that Regis is appallingly rude and impatient?Well, there you have it. This review pretty much goes to ALL the games in this series (19. The makers were kind enough to make more than one edition of this trash). One of the few redeeming qualities of this game is the CD has pretty art on one side. That way, the CD makes a colorful, if fragile Frisbee. Aside from &quot;Treasure Mathstorm!&quot; and all the other &quot;games&quot; in that series, this is the lamest excuse for a game I have ever played. And that is my final answer!
As a big fan of the TV show, I was really looking forward to the home version, and undoubtedly so were thousands of other fans.  Unfortunately, the folks at Disney and Jellyvision were clearly aware of that, and the  rush was obviously on to get this game to market as soon as possible,  before the craze could die down.  The result is a game that doesn't come  close to matching either the TV show or Jellyvision's previous  efforts.The most obvious problem is the limited number of questions.  This problem is greatly compounded by the fact that the game doesn't seem  to make note of which questions have already been asked--a simply  inexcusable error, which results in repeated questions after only a few  games.The box proudly touts the fact that a &quot;virtual Regis&quot;  hosts the game; and sure enough, he's there.  But his involvement in the  project was clearly limited; he doesn't read any of the questions, only  providing the pre- and post-question patter.  That's understandable, given  the amount of money that Regis would have probably demanded for such a  large recording job; but it does greatly diminish the illusion of being on  the show.The game's incorrect pacing destroys the rest of that illusion.  Instead of encouraging the player to take his/her time as the show does, a  30-second clock is inexplicably added.  And while the game rushes you  through the questions themselves, it needlessly slows down between them.  Since the designers couldn't have Regis read the questions, they clearly  wanted to maximize his involvement between questions; so the game stops  after every question while Regis delivers one of a set of long canned  remarks.  This is tolerable later in the game, but it comes across as  simply silly during the first few easy questions that the TV show would  blast through in short order.As others have pointed out, even the  keyboard commands have problems.  Assigning a lifeline to the same key as  an answer choice is begging for mistakes; and the lack of an &quot;Is that  your final answer?&quot; question in most cases further increases the  possibility of errors, as well as erasing the remainder of the feel of  being on the show.The game does have its moments; if multiple people are  playing, a clever implementation of the fastest-finger round decides who  gets to sit in the hot seat.  But frankly, I can't imagine playing this as  a multi-player game anyway; the show's format simply isn't suited to be a  party game, and this home version simply isn't exciting enough to  watch.In summary, the Millionaire computer game has its (brief) moments,  but simply isn't worth even the low price Disney is asking for it.  It's  unfortunate that Disney and Jellyvision chose to put their names--and the  show's reputation--on such a disappointing effort.
This is the most meager cash-in attempt I've ever seen. There may well be hundreds of questions, but it'll take you a thousand games to see them all. I was receiving a couple or three repeat questions by the fifth game, and a  majority of repeats by game 10. There seems to be little or no gradual  increase in difficulty, which was proven when I saw a $500 question later  repeated as a $125,000 question later in the game.An example of the  game's inadequacy runs thusly: I am cruising through the game easily until  the $32,000. Fine, by now I'm expecting them to be tough. I use the 50-50,  then the call a friend, who says she is 75% certain the answer is (A). Just  to be sure, I use the audience poll as well. Guess what, 92% say that (A)  is their choice. Well, now I'm convinced and go with (A) as well. I'm  WRONG, it's (B). That is just stupid beyond measure. If they wanted to  throw me off, make the audience rating more like 60-40% or  something.Nice graphics, nice sounds, atrocious game mechanics. Wait for  the improved version, or play it on the net.
Believe me, I would give this game zero stars if Amazon.com allowed me.I received this for Christmas as a gift and let me tell you.  This is possibly the worst piece of garbage put on the market.  I mean, the questions run out fast leaving the game to replay old questions which are easy once you get to know them which means the replay value isn't very high.  If you want a fun game try the Sims or Delta Force: Landwarrior.  Your time would be better spent with those games .
As others have mentioned, this product has serious flaws--especially with regard to the pitiful number of questions available.  For me, however, a larger complaint is the surprising unfaithfulness to the show.The  so-called &quot;Fastest Finger&quot; questions are nothing really like  those on the show.  You don't compete to put the answers in the right  order; you just buzz in when the computer flashes up the proper  arrangement.  It's related to the set of skills necessary on the real  show--but it's not the same.Likewise, when answering questions in the  &quot;hot seat&quot;, you don't really get the &quot;Is that your final  answer?&quot; prompting in a consistent way.  Only some of the questions  allow for it.Also, the questions in the pre-$1000 range are unusually  difficult, compared with the show. There, they're ridiculously easy,  complete with flatly idiotic possible answers.  Here, by contrast, the  early questions are much more serious.  They're still comparatively easy,  but they're not the gimmes they are on the real show.Hopefully, the  producers will have found a way to be more faithful to the show--and give  us more questions--for the second edition of this game.
I have to admit that I never was a victim of the &quot;Tomb Raider Hype Machine&quot;. I liked the idea of a 3rd person perspective game where your character can do alot of tricks but the whole idea of the big-boobed Lara Croft just turned me off.  I bought this for 4 bucks at the used software house and played it for about 2 hours. I liked the save game feature somewhat, it should be more specific. I felt like banging my head against a wall after be killed for the 50th time because I did'nt hit the &quot;jump&quot; button in the right sequence with the &quot;run&quot; button at the correct prescribed time.  The interface is just too rigid for a game like this, it reminded me alot of that old &quot;Dragon's Lair&quot; game. And I got real tired of the stupid puzzles.  I think the real reason for TR being so popular is that its the first non-adult game with a overly-endowed female protagonist. It can't be because of the gameplay.
I downloaded this from the Nintendo eShop, and I had played Mario Land 2 in the past, which was excellent, but this game is bad. I'm sure it's not the worst Mario game out there, but it's the worst one I've played. It's not a horrible game, but it's just not as good as its predecessors or its successors. The biggest complaint I have are the controls and the physics. It doesn't even feel like a Mario game. The controls are klunky and often unresponsive, the physics are weird, like the Fire Flower's Fireball. It ricochets everywhere before eventually going out. The enemies are unlike anything I've ever seen in Mario. In one world, you have to Easter Island Heads with arms and legs, kinda like Nosepass from Pokemon. The Koopas explode when you jump on them. I don't mean they explode and die, i mean, when you jump on them, they go into their shell, and explode like a Bob-Omb, hurting you if you're too close. The graphics, I can't give TOO much flack to because it IS gameboy, but it doesn't look much better than the Mario Calculator games I played back in highschool. I'd say skip this one, go straight to Mario 2. It's much MUCH better.
I heard this game is crap. I have it for NES and its cool. But this is weird. Why would they make a stupid 'easy' game for GBA? Why won't they let you play as the cool people like Baraka? You stubborn retards can make a better choice of system and game then this!!!!!!!
Well, here it is guys: the WORST Mortal Kombat game of all-time.  Yup, the honor goes to the Game Boy version of Mortal Kombat II.I bought this game when it first came out because I was stupidly riding on the success of the Mortal Kombat series at the time.  I was very naive (all my friends were right!)Time hasn't been kind to this game, but who am I kidding?  Time wasn't kind to this game the day it came out because it was an absolute piece of plastic trash then, and it's trash now.  It will forever remain trash.  It's so trashy, the trashman won't even take it.  He says it stinks too much, and it's not worth the risk of potentially sniffing the horrible odor *just* to put the game in the back of his truck.  Even if he were to wear the thickest pair of gloves in the world, he doesn't want to risk the smell remaining on his skin permanently.So why am I bashing the game so hard?  Because you get fewer fighters, fewer levels, HORRIBLE black and white graphics, and the worst part- an extremely slow framerate.  The blood doesn't even exist.  Okay there's blood, but watching it on a hard-to-see black and white screen, would you even call that blood?  No, you wouldn't (and shouldn't).I would rather have a job being a janitor in an elementary school and having to clean up barf on the cafeteria floors every day, than play the Game Boy version of Mortal Kombat II ever again.  It's really that bad.  At least then, you can swirl the puke around with a mop and have some fun.For the love of God and all his wonderful adorable Earthly creatures- DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!  Just when I thought the Mortal Kombat series couldn't get any crappier, it happened.
This game is horrid! The graphics and the framerate are too choppy! The sound's okay (sound effect wise), but MKII was never known for it's music. The control is absolutely horrid; there aren't enough buttons on the Game Boy and special moves are nearly impossible to pull off (much less FATALITIES, as there's only one per character).But the worst of it all happens to be the gameplay. Seriously, I beat this game in half an hour! And when did blood ever become an ink error?Not worth the price. I suggest that you should dust off your Super NES and buy that version. Avoid Mortal Kombat II on the Game Boy at all costs.  The only thing worse than this is the Game Boy port of Mortal Kombat 3.
If you think a super hero game can never be too fast-pased, this could change your mind. Enemies come at you from every corner throughout the entire game, constantly trying to take you under. You'd swear you were in Detroit.If you want a slower-paced game based on the animated series, try the SNES version. It doesn't let you play as Robin, but it has more depth and . . . wait a minute!! I'm not reviewing the SNES version!!!As either Batman or Robin, you throw various weapons at your enemies as you keep scrolling to the right and trying not to get killed.
I only payed $3 for this game at a used game shop. I was very mad when i got home because it wasnt even worth $3. There is nothing good about the game. The graphics such even for the sega genesis. The sound is the worst. The controls are sloppy. The gameplay sucks so bad you wouldnt believe it. Dont but this game even if you're a batman fan. Stay away from this game.
batman forever is Mortal kombat rebuilt for batman. they put MK's controls and suk random bat gizmo controls in it. i personally never beaten the game, but maby i just suck at it. that or i lost patiance with it because i can't get pat the first hole in the floor. do youself a favor and stay away from this pile of bat crap.
I love the graphics digitized graphics awesome one thing though  gameplay much.Why couldn't have been a simple beat up the bad guys progress to the next level game Graphics over gameplay classic mistake. To use a gadget you have to put in a button combination like Mortal Kombat even the fighting engine was like Mortal Kombat. To get above and below areas is a chore. If I  told you how to get above and to get below areas you'd  be like WTF. Play Batman Forever Arcade on PS1 & Sega Saturan or download it on MAME 32 don't take my word for it Play it I dare ya? It's not as bad as some of the review's say but boy is this game baaaaaaaaaaaaad!
This is just too bad. For such a cool character, Batman has had some bad luck with video games. This is probably the worst and that's saying a lot.  This game is no fun (did you see the one star?) and is not worth anyone's time.
I like the original Batman game for this system as oppose to this joke. The graphics are very good I will say that, but terrible gameplay. The fighting system in this game was different and it was more than just a rock'em sock'em still side scroller. I liked how each of the characters had a huge list of moves; and how you can use them in the dual mode. Despite this being a bad game overrall I remember myself and my brother loved playing this game back in the day. It was cool when I was a pre-teen but now its just one of those stale games.
God, was this game awful. I played this game a while back and I got frustrated with the controls. One of the biggest gripes I had with this game was how the fighting resembled Mortal Kombat's style. Then again, it was made by Acclaim, the same company that did the Mortal Kombat games. Batman performs leg sweeps, back kicks and even uppercuts, just like MK. This fighting style doesn't belong in this game. It just slows things down. You'll also have trouble navigating through the levels as the foreground will block your eyesight, which makes seeing what you're doing a hassle. If you're a Batman fan, you'll be disappointed with this game. Neither version of this game is good. Stay away from *gulps* Batman Forever.
This game is a joke.The graphics are pretty cool,because they are digitized,but other than that,the game totally blows! Batman is just some fat guy dressed up in a Batman costume,and the guy playing Robin,looks like he made up his costume,out of cheap used clothes that he bought from a thrift store.The sound is awful.The game play's like a Mortal Kombat rip-off.It's just a bad game.If you wanna get a really good Batman game for Genesis,pick up the original "Batman",based on the Tim Burton movie from 1989,and just stay away from this waste of time.
Batman forever was a game that wasn't even worth spending money on buying it those pour kids parents paid 50 bucks when it just came out and when they took it home to play it i bet you they said they spent all that money and it sucked this game was worse then Atari 2600s E.T. and that was the worst game ever made so you ever gave this game 5 stars i mean i like mortal kombat to but this game should be thrown in the trash with all the other garbage because it gave batman a bad reputation
This game is IMPOSSIBLE! You only have ONE health bar and ONE life...that's it! When you die,it's right back to the start of the game.It's a shame too,because this game is actually pretty freaking cool.It's got an awesome storyline and the graphics and concept were truly ahead of their time,but oh my lord....what a hard game this is.I've heard it said before that this game is very short,but how am I gonna know if I keep dying over and over???? Overall,if you wanna get this for you're Genesis collection,then I would recommend this game,but as far as playing it goes....I hope you love one HELL OF A CHALLENGE.
when i was a kid, i thought this was fun, but i played it lately, this is so boring and dull
If you think that this is a good game then you seriously need your head examinedI can honestly say I've yet to play a good Spider-Man game. For all the hype, good reviews and people willing to pay the big bucks over this one, I thought it was sure to be the best. How disappointed I was to discover it's one of the blandest and boring beat-em-ups ever.You begin playing as Spidey (but can later change to Venom if you wish) and you go about tiresome duties beating up generic thugs on the streets of Manhattan. Every thug looks the same and you'll end up punching to death the same guy a billion times (more so for those infuriating end of level bosses). The crap music is the same on every level. Apparently the game has 'additional music' by some band called Green Jelly, who I have never heard of. I assume they must be some none-hit wonder grunge band from Seattle back when all that was new. And quite what exactly they contributed to the game is a mystery as there are only 2 tracks in total (level music and boss music).There is some plot going on but I couldn't follow it. The comic-book cut -scenes look terrible and the writing is too small to read. Plus the are very slow and add too much time between the boring levels.The controls and gameplay are dire. There's no fluent movement or grace in the fighting. It's all just an annoying mess and terribly programmed. If you can bear to stay with the game until level 2 you'll know what I mean. It was so rage-inducing I almost gritted my teeth into dust and chucked the controls into the TV.Stay well away from this horrible game. As a beat-em-up it stinks. As a Spidey game it stinks. It just plain reeks overall.Graphics CSound DGameplay DLasting Appeal F
Not many games are as mindless as T2, and believe me, that's not a compliment. You do the same old thing over and over until you can't take it anymore. And while it's kind of fun at first, it dries up quickly. Pass on this one.
This game sucked big time you couldnt do nothing in it when you wanted to and was so hard you died after th first few shots and i was using a game genie for this game the first terminator game was better.
THIS IS THE VERSION OF MORTAL KOMBAT 3 THAT YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY AVOID. THIS GAME WAS HORRIBLE AND IT MAKES THE SUPER NINTENDO VERSION LOOK LIKE A GOOD GAME IN COMPARISON. THE GRAPHICS ARE AWFUL, THE MUSIC IS ANNOYING HERE, THE CONTROLS ARE BAD, AND UNLESS YOU HAVE A 6 BUTTON CONTROLLER FOR THE SEGA GENESIS, YOU CAN'T DO MUCH OF ANYTHING!!! THIS IS A MAJOR DISSAPOINTMENT TO THOSE THAT HAVE THIS GAME ON GENESIS. AVOID THIS VERSION AT ALL COSTS. THIS IS A COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME. THIS VERSION JUST RUINS THIS SOMEWHAT DECENT SEQUEL.
This game seems like it was thrown together to keep as much speed as possible. Back in the early 90s Genesis was the blistering fast system. As per the SEGA gargon. Truth is it was slghtly faster then SNES but couldn't handle the colors. So now was know why they left over half the colors of the orginial. Now we are stock with this thing. They kept most of the moves and all the colors, but doesn't have any intro or ending animation which means it looks half done. Before you defend this game, think of this. Super Street Fighter looked great, but they they just didn't take the time porting this game. And much like Mortal Kombat it looks drab, choppy, and well peiced together.On the other hand if you are a collector and you want a PR port check out 32X. It is one of the best ports out there. This is one of the most ported games of all time, and the Genesis is one of the ones to try to see how much they took out and how bad it was.
Looks and plays nothing like PC or arcade version and the moves are too complicated.  Get MK instead. Terrible.
I hated it, and I'm an rpg fan. Maybe I should of gave it more of a chance but the controls felt clunky and whilst trying to get to the next locale I would get shot down in flames.But I also have terrible reflexes so and little to no patience for slow text which this also has.
I remember burrowing this from a friend because I ran out of N64 games to play so I burrowed this and some other games for a few days. I have to say it was fun at first, than it became frustrating, and than I felt like I was going to throw up because of the weird controls and this and that moving around in weird places which I didn't intended in doing. It was also because I was really young then and I really didn't know what the game was really about, which is puzzle solving sometimes.I advise not buying the game, instead tell your friend to buy it because its the best game ever and take it from him when he wants to throw it out. Of course you'll lose a friend, but well worth it! Game > Friendship. I'm just playing kids.
When I think of the N64, I think about great games and memories. Games like Golden-Eye 64, The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time, Super Mario 64, and Banjo- Kazooie. Memories like getting my fore-head shot by my brother, grabbing my 120th power star, and meeting Princess Zelda for the first time.Donkey Kong 64 doesn't come up in any of these if you haven't noticed by now, and for good reason. It's slow, pokey, and not really all that fun. Which is really a problem after the success of the Donkey Kong Country trilogy.THE GRAPHICS: Donkey Kong 64 seems to take the graphics roll from Super Mario 64, in that the characters are a little on the blocky side, but their really not all bad. I've only come across a few complaints which is demonstrated in the following description: In one area, the room has a large wooden treasure chest with a switch of the character's face on it. Sounds fine right? Wrong, the switch attached to the chest is made from a vent in one of the previous areas. A metal switch attached to a wooden chest. Sheer laziness. VERDICT:*** 3/5THE STORY: Quite simple really, Donkey's horde of bananas have been stolen once again by King K. Rool, ruler of the Kremling reptiles. He's also done the liberty of imprisoning all of the other Kongs in cells mapped around the game. The game introduces many new character like Lanky Kong and the banana fairies, along with some pretty whacked up levels. It's not really all that original, but it works.THE VERDICT: *** 3/5THE GAME-PLAY: This is where Donkey Kong 64 kills, and not in the good way. The game rips from the popular "grab the golden item to proceed to more levels" style originated by Super Mario 64 and Banjo-Kazooie. Now, that would be fine since the genre has pretty much held water for years, but DK64 has you "power-walking" your way through each task, some of which are dragged on already.It takes me about 7 minutes just trying to go to the level I choose (except the first level). The game is loaded with long hallways, ledges you need to slowly climb, and slow frame-rate issues at times. If Rare had upped the speed to about 2.33 times faster, I probably wouldn't have constantly been yelled at to leave my younger brother's room so he could sleep. Oh yeah, and I got a serious sore thumb from holding the joystick in the same direction. This game ruins hands, and sleepy little brothers. THE VERDICT: * 1/5THE MUSIC: The game ranges from toy factories, jungles, pyramids and the like, so you can imagine a wide arrange of tunes to come across. Some of the music is pretty catchy, but I didn't find myself dazzled by any means. I found myself humming 2 or 3 songs, but that was it, none of which you'll be hearing very often. The sound-effects are fitting and pretty original. Thanks to this game every time I see an orange, I immediately think of the sound the orange grenades make in this game. Pretty funny right? VERDICT: *** 3/5OVERALL: DK64 had a lot of hype, and it's a shame it didn't turn out since it was made by the same guys behind the Donkey Kong County, Battletoads, and Jet Force Gemini series, which were excellent gems. I played this game as a kid years ago and completed everything in the game, I really must have exaggerated greatly how fun it was back then, because I can't seem to have any courage to attempt getting everything in just level 4. While the music is descent, the graphics okay and the story shallowly good, none of those elements are what make you play a game. You play to have fun, to enjoy the universe of the characters, and to enhance you skills. I'd be able to accomplish all those things twice as much just eating a banana and watching my dad trim his nails than playing Donkey Kong 64.OOOOH BANANA.OVERALL VERDICT: ** 2/5
I wish they would make a Gamecube side-scrolling Donkey Kong effort like the SNES games, just make the graphics better, retain the music quality and make more levels and longer. They included some lovely old games like the original DONKEY KONG arcade game, and a spaceman game for computer. There are big worlds, but that seems just about it. There's a lot of collecting, but the problem-solving is no fun. This series became really removed from it's huge SNES appeal.
I bought DK64 when it first came out in 1999, and from the moment I started to play it I did not like it at all. It is way too complicated and difficult to play, and I would not recommend this game. Every time I tried to play it I just kept getting frustrated, and I had to stop playing it. Instead I would recommend Banjo-Kazooie or Mario 64.
What a weird game.  I got this expecting the same type of thing that was going on in those great super nintendo games.  But hey, if you like confusing and weird puzzles than you might enjoy this game.  I suggest that you get it anyway but only to see how different it is than the dk country games.  This is a puzzle level game, not a dk country game.  I got bored and annoyed with it and stopped playing after having it for a few weeks.These are my updated comments.  Recently, I challenged my review above and my view of this game.  I decided to learn how to get good at it, thus, leading to enjoyment of the game.  I actually got hooked, playing it for over 80 hours so far.  Point being, this game is not awful, it is, however, tricky.  If you enjoy Glover or even if you somehow found a way to enjoy Mario 64, you will like this game.  I would say that my new rating of fun would be 4 of 5 and my new overall would be 3 of 5.  The overall is still low because of how frustrating this game is.
To say the least, Donkey Kong took everything this genre stood for, and made a muck-up of it. Endless item collecting, muddy details and slow action leave this one for the chimps, uh, chumps.You have bananas, golden and coloured, coins, coconuts, ammo, musical notes etc. and for five characters. The collecting seems endless, and when i was forty % done the game, i just stopped. I looked at this forest level and i said, this looks just like the desert and water ones, only with a different backdrop.And what's with the story? Some giant floating island or something? Why does K Rool have such a loathing for the Kongs? WHy doesn't he just butcher them instead of placing them in unguarded, easily escapable places???? Rare really messed up on this one. The sound isn't all that awesome (the DK rap, what the heck was that?), and the graphics were bleh; this thing required the 4mb expansion? Banjo Kazooie looked twice as good.Even the characters are lame. I thought the release of Kiddy Kong in DKC3 was dumb, but now we have three new characters that couldve easily been replaced by 2 old ones. Tiny is the spitting image of Dixie, and Lanky is the babyish side of Kiddy while Chunky is, well the chunky side.I think Rare thought their game was weak themselves, that must be why they added this mediocre 3rd person shooter multiplayer, isn't it? They didn't think they did a good job on the shooter part did they?I have so many peeves about this game, it's nuts. What difference is tehre between the gun and the instrument??? They both unlock things. Why did Rare feel it necessary to have two things that can work switches??Honestly, the only entertaining and redeeming part of this game are the Jetpac and Donkey Kong hidden arcade games.Certainly a long game, but length is not always a good thing. Look at Conker's BFD, it was short, and still owned this game wicked bad. 15 hours of this, and you'll wish Rare had stopped there.
PROs:Encourages explorationIntense final battle against bossGraphics state-of-the-art for its timeCONs:Frustrating anglesTedious and repetitive gameplayBeaver Bother (you know what I'm talking about if you've played this game)I had always heard how DK64 was such a classic, and so naturally I wanted to finally buy and beat it.Instead of a classic, I found a game that was, well, kind of lazy. You essentially have 7 levels before the boss level, and you have to beat each of these levels with 5 different characters. So, you have to spend your time getting all of DK's bananas and missing the other 4 characters' bananas, because only Diddy can get Diddy bananas, only Tiny can get Tiny coins, etc. This means you have to basically go back and re-do the whole level with another character all over again.Couple this with the fact that camera angles are constantly changing on you, it makes for a very ho-hum experience.At one point during the 30 hours it took me to beat this game, I turned on the game and found all my data was erased. At first I was angry, but then kind of relieved that I didn't have to feel like I needed to finish this game anymore. That's saying a lot, because I always finish games I start. (I turned the game on-and-off again, and the data was there again, so I did finish playing it. But the point still stands: I WANTED my data to be erased.)
donkey kong is a stupid game the charaters are monkeys for the love of God monkeys.this game does not have a story line do not try this game.
I borrowed this game from a friend. I played for half an hour then got bored. I'm glad I didn't pay money for it. It's pretty much just Banjo-Kazooie(which I also didn't like). I was upset, especially when I got to the first door requiring gold bananas. Why couldn't they have just put out another Banjo-Kazooie game and make an ORIGINAL Donkey Kong game for the N64.Banjo-Kazooie was fun, until the difficulty spiked out of nowhere. Also, the idea of making a cartoonish adventure somewhat nonlinear is poorly executed in it.I didn't play far enough to see if Donkey Kong corrected any of this, but it looks like it didn't. It just changed the setting from running around inside of a mountain to running around inside of islands. Great.If you liked Banjo-Kazooie, I'm sure you'll love this. If not, definitely skip Donkey Kong.
For the Nintendo '64 gaming system, the two pre-eminent adventure games were Mario and Zelda.  Those games enthralled players with their tight gameplay and interesting stories.  Unfortunately, DK '64 doesn't have that same tight gameplay, and the story was never the strong suit of the series.The problem with this game is obvious after about 30 minutes: It's all about collecting items, and very little else.  Whether it is coins, tokens, or bananas, this game quickly devolves into little more than a scavenger hunt for miscellaneous items.  Making matters worse is the fact that EACH CHARACTER needs to collect each item to unlock certain features.  The game is tedious enough playing just as a single character, but add in the four others and it becomes ridiculous.The music in this game is engaging (the DK Rap might just be the highlight of the whole experience!), but other than that nothing really stands out.  If you don't mind collecting item after item, you'll like this game more than I.  If you prefer a developed plot, however, than stay away at all costs.
mischief makers?what does make you think of?teenagers who get bored and break stuff?firecrackers?practical jokes?pranks?how about............none of the above.how about some crap that looks like it belongs on the original atari?no mischief,just a very poorly animated and quite bright super mario bros rip off.save your money a buy a box a paper clips.youll have more fun.
the game is maybe not terribly amusing, but amusingly terrible. the gameplay from this game is pretty much the same as the original. the graphics are bright vibrant colours, which are quite fun. the gameplay element is very redundant and gets old fast. it's fun for a level or two but i wouldn't recomend this game for anyone.
This game was much more entertaining in it's time. I bought it a while ago played it for 5 minutes then NEVER touched it again...
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire was released near the end of 1996 and was one of the first generation games for the N64. It's a decent Star Wars game overall with nagging issues that keep it from being one of the better games for the system.Set after the events in the movie Star Wars V: The Empire Strikes Back but before the events in the movie Star Wars VI: Return of the Jedi (and also based on the book of the same name), you set out to help Luke Skywalker and rescue Princess Leia from the hands of Prince Xizor. Choose from 3 difficulty levels and battle through 9 levels set in planets that are part of the Star Wars universe; battling enemies and making your way around as you would in a platform game.The PROS: Well, the overall presentation is good enough to make you feel you're in the Star Wars universe as the sound effects and music are what you expect to hear in Star Wars games. Even though the game has 9 levels, they are long levels so you won't be cruising through so easily.The CONS: Unfortunately, this is not one of the better SW games available for the N64 for several reasons. This game was part of the first generation of games for the N64 and it shows. The graphics did not age so well and back in 1996 , they were horrible. Super Mario 64 was a launch title and it had way better graphics. Here, the game gets choppy when there's a lot of action, the frame rate dips every so often and there is lots of "pop up" scenery and dense fog (to cover up areas that don't have any animation.) The controls are no better than the ones in the PS title "Tomb Raider". Your character controls like a robot, aiming is a chore to do and the game has horrible collision detection. Add in the platform elements where you have to jump in certain areas and either you end up dying or trying to jump again because the jump button doesn't respond until a full second AFTER you press it. On top of all that, the game's difficulty is pretty unforgiving. Even if you set in on "easy", the enemies are still pretty tough and sometimes you have no idea if your weapons have an effect on whoever you are shooting at.Considering that the first level is easily the best of the game altogether, you're pretty much hyped and can't wait to see the rest of the game. Unfortunately, when you do, you realize that the game falls flat on its face. Star Wars: SotE had a lot of potential. It's a Star Wars game and gives you the feeling that you're part of the awesome story it conveys. But that feeling goes away fast as the crappy graphics, robot like controls, bad platform elements and near impossible difficulty that this game presents keeps it from being the kind of game it could have been. Only the die hard Star Wars fans would pick this up. For everyone else, be warned as other Star Wars games released for the N64 are much, much better than this somewhat playable effort.
For the past few months I'd been picking up old N64 games that I didn't get a chance to purchase during their initial release, and when I saw Shadows of the Empire I immediately grabbed it, being the big Star Wars fan that I am.Shadows was one of the launch games for the N64, and while it might have been a decent game in its day, maybe even a good game (I can't, however, believe it was ever considered a great game), it hasn't aged well at all. To compare, I also recently grabbed Super Mario 64, the original launch game, and still found plenty of charm left in that old cartridge.The graphics are a mixed bag. Our hero, Dash, is rendered rather nicely, with more polygons than one might expect. The levels, however, have ugly textures that will remind the player of early pseudo 3-D games like DOOM and Dark Forces. Hardly the graphical quality the N64 is capable of. Enemies such as the Stormtroopers and mercenaries are fuzzy with blurred details. However, the graphics on the flying missions and the speeder bike level are exceptional. With regards to sound, John Williams score has never failed before, and fortunately, the music combined with classic Star Wars sound effects is just what Star Wars fans want.Where the game really fails is the gameplay. Shadows tries to include many different modes of play, and not all of them work. The snow speeder level is a classic, as it inspired the game Rogue Squadron; the speeder bike chase is rather cool, as is the fight with Boba Fett. However, in other areas of the game, your craft is stationary and all you are required to do is shoot. It's not much different from the Super Nintendo Star Wars games, and the simplistic gameplay can only entertain for so long. Then there is the first-person levels, which unfortunately make up the bulk of the game. Though the game has multiple view modes, Dash is easiest to control in the first-person mode, but the player won't even see the tip of Dash's gun, as is customary with all shooters. There is no target reticle, making aiming irratic. The levels are too big and empty, and are too straightforward. It's a simple matter to walk from point A to point B, with few surprises. You'll find yourself rushing through most of the game to get to the better levels, but unfortunately they're few and far in between.If you're a Star Wars fan, there's still enough here to warrant a purchase, but mostly it'll be for a piece of N64 Star Wars history. While I might have had different feelings about this game had I bought it at launch, I can't imagine feelings much more impressed by it. Shadows of the Empire is the most disappointing of all the N64 Star Wars games.
When Yoshi's Story came out, I was stoked thinking it was a 64-bit sequel to Yoshi's Island. I was SO WRONG. This game is aimed at 5-10 year old gamers. You go around &#34;Chapters&#34; collecting fruit in the levels to advance, thus levels have no actual exit. There's 4 areas in each chapter. 6 chapters calls for 24 total levels in the game. To make this game even more disappointing, when you finish one level (say 1-1), you'd think you go to 1-2, but no. Instead you go to Chapter 2. What the heck?! It turns out you have to find red hearts hidden in each level to unlock a level in the next chapter. To unlock all of Chapter 1's level you have to complete one level, die, then go back. It's a stupid setup. I was really hoping for a Yoshi's Island 2 type game here but this is Nintendo cashing in on their child fanbase. Basically, if you're older than 10, this game will be too childish for your liking.
This game was a little bit dissapointing, I mean, it's fun to play with your friends, but even that novelty wares off kind of fast, but there is pretty much no single player. The single player mode is completely boring. This game is kind of like something you would play at an arcade, it's good, but I wouldn't really recommend it.
this game was okay not one of the best fighting games i've played but it was okay. the characters are hard to controll and it's hard to make them do thier specail moves. but it's okay for a try i wouldn't buy it.
Wargods is a much better game made by the same people for the N64. This game is somewhat glitchy and straining. Save your money. Buy a better Mortal Kombat game for a newer system. Not worth having.
This version of the trilogy absolutly stunk to high heaven. What the hell happend??? I first brought the MK Trilogy on PC. But after I upgraded to Windows 98 the game would not install anymore, it only worked on Win 95. So I saw the playstaion version, but I never liked the PS and I saw that it was exactly the same as the PC version.. so I figured the N64 version would be just the same.... wrong!!!! There is about 20 charactors missing from the 64 version for some unknown reason. They could well have included them but for some reason this game is more like Mortal Kombat 3 with a few extra charactors.I hope the PC version gets re-released some day. Or maybe i'll just get a PS version Rom, because MK trilogy is the best MK game ever... just not on the 64.
blends 3 mortal kombats in one, not the first three games that i expected. game play was lame. Not for beginners very hard.
This game is so stupid, i don't understand why people like it. There is no real fun in it. For one thing you can't jump/ wich is dumb. and the attack moves are really duel. it sucks! do not buy this game.If by any chance you liked this game then check out all of the other Bomberman games.
I was extremely disappointed with this title.  You will like it if you like Goldeneye, but definitely go with Goldeneye over this game.  The multiplayer is 50 times better than Goldeneye, but the cheats and single player levels leave EVERYTHING to be desired.  For one thing, it requires more sneaking around because one missed shot hits the wall letting the guards know of your presence who will then hit you with perfect accuracy and kill you in a matter of seconds because of your quickly draining life meter.  You also run out of bullets faster and reload much slower.  The difficulty is just about near impossible.  If you can't beat Goldeneye with EVERYTHING as in cheats, bonus levels, record times, etc, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  You can't beat this game on Perfect Agent unless you're a game tester, and I'm sure even they had problems.  The game is so hard it just totally degrades from the fun factor.  The plot is also absurd.  Aliens and such.  Ha Ha.  Amusing.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!  I strongly reccomend going for Goldeneye rather than Perfect Dark.
...the actual game is okay but certainkly isnt on par with goldeneye. with the exception of the man dan carrington the characters are wooden and the story is very poor, you never feel into the game's story at all. the level design in general is bad, like the supposed 'stealth' mission in chicago where every enemy knows where you are anyway so there is no stealth involved whatsoever. some of the levels though are fun with inspired design like the sniping levcel in the snow but it doesnt make the game good.what does make the game worth playing is the multi player modes, although the graphics take another turn for the worse they are acceptable in 2 player but with 4 you cant see anything at all without a massive tv. the multi modes make pd, beating the hell out of simulants in slow motion can be fun and sure beats the game. this is what you should be buying the game for, not for the story mode. the trouble with this is that the pd arenas are poor and its only the graphically altered goldeneye levels that are worth playing. a bit lazy on the developers part.overall: except for the inclusion of mr. carrington the story mode is a bust so unless you have enough mates to make the multi worthwhile dont buy it.
I bought this game way back when the N64 was in its heyday. I thought it wasn't very good and traded it in. Now I see somebody is trying to sell it for $89.95! If anybody is considering buying Quest 64 at this ridiculous price, I urge them to think twice. There are plenty of far, far better games for your money. I know there weren't that many RPGs for the N64 but that doesn't make this game a classic IMHO. You'd be better off looking for some of the excellent SNES RPGs like FF II and III or Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past.
First off my rating is high because I really enjoyed this game.2ndly it was a N64 RPG, which I don't remember there being many.You end up using the elements as magic and you mix and match to kind of make your own play style.The battle mechanics were odd, but I always enjoyed games that were challenging so you had to think out what you were going to do, sometimes you would lose a battle due to making a bad move, and you can learn from it and do better.Unless your someone who likes to play old games, avoid this one, there are games which are all around upgrades.Try Fate or Fable.
In my opinion, the only thing this game has going for it is that it didn't have any competition in the field of RPGs until the Zelda action RPGs.  The developers of this game should be ashamed of themselves for creating this.  I bought the game a couple of years ago and it still sits there and collects dust.  I probably played it for four hours or so and put it away.  I want those four hours back that I wasted.  Nevermind, I would just waste them anyways.
Quest 64 is a Role Playing game that stresses 3d eye-candy, with little depth of story, plot, and no long lasting appeal (all three are essential, along with others, for a good rpg).The main character only has one weapon and a few items which most of which repeat themselves in a pattern throughout the entire game.There are no side quests or red herrings to keep you intrigued, no easter eggs.The battle system first of all is the most boring turn based combat system ive ever seen.  Oh and youll spend 80 percent of the game running around the countryside fighting monsters to build your levels (thats all the game's empahsis is on, building levels) and thatll bore you after about a couple of hours, off and on.  The game's story seems to get loss in the building of levels after the first few hours or so.The amazing 3d graphics are the only thing really good about this game, as its the only thing that really keeps it from getting one star.  But still graphics dont make up for a game with such a linear monotonous flow.I recently re-read some of the previous Nintendo Powers reviews of this game hyping it up as being as good as Final Fantasy series....that was a selling/promotional point more than anything else, since as the first editorial writer above said, "Quest 64 sinks in too many areas: (to paraphrase him).If you can find this game used at a exchange store for 5 dollars nowdays then I would buy it, thankfully I only rented it and the guide, rather than pay 50 bucks for this game when it first came out, you should do the same.
This game is to dark to see anything and hard to play with the controls provided.  I'd recommend upgrading to a different system for this game.
Well this game features some of the best graphics Ive ever seen and its easier to learn how to play than Rogue Leader but what were they thinking when they decided not to have a save option?N64 is a superior machine so its not like it doesnt have enough memory to support a save option and even old games like Metroid and The Legend Of Zelda let you save your progress with a password. This game is just like one of those arcade games at movie theatres because its fun to play for a while but pointless to try and beat it because it just doesnt let you save. The new Star Fox game for Game Cube sure as hell better have a save option.
Mario Kart 64 will always be the best. I don't consider myself fully biased, though. This game really is that bad.
Diddy Kong Racing, simply put, is a game I have tried to love, and simply cannot do it.  I have even tried to play it, but I cannot simply stand playing this insipid game.  I do now know why, but this simply is not a good game.  Perhaps it is particular tastes.  But I simply cannot stand this game.  The tracts are fairly imaginative.  One grating thing about it is say you hit a tree.  Well, instead of bouncing off like on many other racing games, you stay bashing into the tree.  It does have some interesting features, however.  The sheer volume of tracts (had it been any other game would have been a plus) shows ingenuity, the story line is interesting, but in execution the game just flails horribly.Why do I give it 2 stars?  The concept.  I love the concept.  Making an adventure out of a racing game, and the format they gave it is an excellent idea.  The sheer number of tracks is exhilarating.  And on some courses there are THREE (plane, hovercraft, kart) types of vehicles to use.  It is just a tragedy that in practice it doesn't come off at all.  It is nowhere near Super Mario Kart 64.  That game is fast-paced and loads of fun, the best racer to hit the N64.  Size wise, this dwarves Mario Kart 64.  If they could have had the execution on Mario Kart 64 and the concept of Diddy Kong Racing, we would have had one hell of a game.  Sadly, such a game does not exist (yet).  We have to settle with a badly executed game (Diddy Kong Racing) with another racing game that is superb in all manner of ways.  But, with a little engineering, we could have the best of both worlds.  Super Mario Kart 64 is the way to go, folks.  The multiplayer battle is really fun too, especially Block Fort.  Superiour in concept, inferiour in execution.  That's the bottom line.
What can I say, this game was dumb!  It's just a copycat of Mario Kart 64 and Mario Kart 64 has freakin' fun!  Diddy Kong Racing is a joke!  I would have rated it as "0 stars," but unfortunately I don't have that option.  If you want to give someone a hate gift, I recommend this.  But don't blame me if they surprisingly love it.
the graphics is pretty good on this game, but the game play sucks. it's not worth your money.
Nintendo has taken one of the greatest racing games for SNES and revamped it into a whole different futuristic racing game. For starters, there are 30 racers rather than 4, and this game is very fast! But to be so fast and have 30 racers, the game is very cheaply detailed. Lets just say the car your driving is very small and looks like a box with rocket boosters. Also with 30 cars 6 cars to start and 24 to earn, it gets a bit confusing as to who you should chose to race as, so there are detailed photos of each driver so that people can pick their favorite to drive as. The originality of the game is the fact that the track forms itself into any sort of shape. It goes into huge anti-gravity loops, half pipes where you can drive on the ceiling, and pipes where you can race on the outside of it... all around it... without falling off! There are three levels of difficulty, customizable colors, cars, speeds, acceleration and three circuits with seven or so unique tracks. Finally there is an original battle mode, where you must destroy other racers by knocking them off the track. This is a game you should rent before you buy.
Another lousey boring basketball game. where do they come up with these games. this game was stupid.
what a joke, this game is worthless. I wouldn't have taken this game if it had been for free, let alone 4 dollars!
this game sucks big time. it was boring and stupid.
This could be considered the companion to Alien Trilogy as it takes place in the Fourth Movie following the first three presented in Alien Trilogy.  This game featured controls that people are more familiar with in these days, but didn't understand at the time.  The controls may be above average, and the graphics are excellent for the time, but seriously, the level design is a piece of crap!  What kind of space ship is this?  Very illogical design leads to BORING gameplay that is only fun for 5 minutes with invincibility turned on, otherwise you'll die in 2 minutes without it because you move soo slow.  An interesting thing is that if you get impregnated by a facehugger you won't be allowed to go through airlocks or elevators, which is interesting that they followed through on this principal with the chestbursters, and you'll have to find a device to take out the creature before the time runs out.  The thing that doesn't make sense with this is that even with a chestburster inside you, aliens will attack you, and that makes no sense.  Facehuggers can also attack you by hitting you with their tails.  Don't play this game, I'd rather watch the movie.
Alien Ressurection the game, makes the movie of the same title look like an Oscar winning masterpiece (well, ok maybe not).  The only reason it got two stars was for the awesome atmosphere and graphics that this game has to offer plus the level of geniune fear and suspense that it conjurs up.Now for the bad...nothing ever really happens in this game.  At times, it is downright BORING.  You wander around in the pitch black half the time waiting for something really bad to happen...but it never does.  When I say this game is dark, I mean dark as in no light.  You can't see half the time and the worthless flashlight that you have runs out of batteries every five minutes.  The controls are sloppy and unnecessarily difficult.  The weapons/ammo are limited and you really have to search for them in some of the later levels which makes the game seem contrived, like they added that feature only to make the game longer.  Alien Trilogy was a much better game.  Like the Alien movies, too many sequels makes for a predictable and downright boring ride.
I rented this game once, thinking it might be a cool rpg/ puzzle solving. Boy- Was I wrong.  This game is very boring, and has no real point.  It is extremely hard to maneuver your character without a demon jumping on your back, or your character falling to his death. I gave up after the first level.  Whatever you do...DO NOT buy this game.
This game is a kind of blend of Space Harrier, Gauntlet, with fps influences. It's not that interesting in any department. Once you've played through level one you've just about seen all it has to offer. Gameplay boils down to holding down the strafe and shoot buttons. The special weapons aren't that useful. The small nuclear bomb is just a key that materializes right in front of the door you have to use it on, it's kind of funny the first time, that's about it. You have a sniper rifle and a parachute but the level design doesn't use them to full effect. Character design is mostly boring, just a naked guy spray painted black, the helmet is kind of interesting in sniper mode with the HUD and Darth Vader sound effect. Enemy designs generally look like fluctuating polygons, the game runs too fast most of the time to tell what they are. Platforming sections are harder than they need to be because the controls and physics aren't that good, you can phase right through some platforms.
The Good: Decent humor, fast action, cool sniper rifleThe Bad: Hideous graphics, horrible jumping sequences, no voices?This is yet another great game by renowned developer Tim Schaffer who is known for games such as Wild 9, Earth Worm Jim, and Psychonauts. This game has a great dose of humor with things like "The world's smallest nuclear explosion"...it's ingenious! Tim always has the humor in the gameplay and not just with dialog and videos. The story is almost non existent (as were most of Tim Schaffer's older games) you play a guy with a pointy armor nose and you take it off for a gun and you put it on for a sniper rifle. You have three "windows" on your rifle to see where your bullets are going. This is good for lobbing mortars into tubes to kill protecting enemies etc. While the action is fast paced there are a lot of problems. The jumping sequences are terrible thanks to the character moving way too fast. The graphics are hideous even for the PS1. Everything looks flat, brown, and boring. There are also no voices at all. If you can stomach all this you can pick it up fairly cheap (it's not one of those ULTRA rare $100 eBay games).
Here comes the (one-time) end of an era.  And sadly, it ends not with a bang, but with a whimper.  Like MM7 before it, Mega Man 8 suffered quite a bit of backlash, and this time around it was a result of the rather unbecoming 16-bit-ish graphical structures on the 32-bit wonders of the Sega Saturn and Sony Playstation, and, if you ask me, it was not the title to follow the monstrous Mega Man X4 that came out around the same time.  Still, for all the weeping against statues, MM8 still serves up some classic Mega Man fun with that new-school Mega Man X feel.  The searching for hidden items becomes more important and challenging this time around, the action is still consistently hectic, and the level designs are pretty nicely done with some rich and vivid color work.  However, there's a very cheesy, sugar-coated appeal to this, even more so than MM7 (which, I think, was trying to emulate the American animated series); that and the bosses and weapons don't seem as good as they could have been, Rush's abilities aren't as important as they used to be, and the voice acting is atrocious for certain characters (Dr. Light, Bass, and some of the bosses are the prime sinners in this regard...and Rush Shiraishi did a better job voicing X in X4 than she did Mega Man in this.  It fits better, if you ask me).  Still, there's enjoyment to be had.  Just remember to take it at face value...and consider it a stepping stone to Mega Man 9.
This X game was just tedious.  I remember the original X game on the SNES was fun, as were X2 and X3, but this one was just bad.  Playing as X or Zero was fun, but Zero was hard to control and both storylines were, well, boring.  I was almost to the point of yawning.  Plus, it was easy to figure out who the final boss was for anyone who has ever played an X game.  Additionally, some of the upgrades to Xs armor made him harder to operate, and, well, I guess what I really want to say is this was boring.  I was bored stiff.  I couldn't wait to beat it so I could move on to something else.  Unlike X, X2 and X3, there is almost no replay value in this game.  I mean, beyond the cheat codes for the special X armor and Dark Zero, nothing.  I only hope that X5 and X6 are better, but I'm not sure if they will be.
This review is hard to write because I am so mad that I wasted my money on this game. Oh whoopie, you can play as Zero the fighter, butt zero is how much I should've payed for this game. There isn't one thing about this game that I like. The story [is bad] and the fight and graphics are absolutely awful. If you want a real game, don't waste your money on this. Don't even rent this game. This game is so bad it make Pong look good.
I could only get to the first boss. Don't get me wrong I had fun with this game, but many factors killed it for me.Most noticebly is the controls. The controls in this game are aweful! You have no idea how many cheep deaths the controls caused me. Its the main reason why I could never get pass the first boss. This is an extreme problem when you're facing more than one enemy because the controls won't respond when you need them to. The camera doesn't make things any easier. When platforming the jumping controls and camera will often cause cheep deaths because you can't see where your going or jump at an angle that causes you to fall off.Another issue I had is that when you get a game over you start all the way to the beginning of the game. Extra lives are also hard to find. This wouldn't be so bad if the controls weren't so bad.The plus side though is that the music is wonderful and there are moments that are creepy AND SCARY. I would love it if they remade this for the Wii, Xbox, or PS3 with better controls and handling, but due to how long its been I don't see that happening.
I bought this when I was a huge X-Files fan and I thought its ok but basically its hit a button see a cinamatic and I beat the game in like 2 days it isn't that good
it says it is in good condition but lots of scratches does not even work never played it  don't buy
After I saw the movie I was in a real &quot;X-Men&quot; mood so I went out and bought this game. When I started playing it I became very frustrated. It doesn't show you how to do any of the moves in the instruction book (not that I ever need an instruction book to learn moves). To do moves in this game it takes a lot of practice. So to find out how to do anything with a character you have to go into this boring and frustrating training mode. Once you master a character it is then easy to complete the game. But then, if you want to play another character, you have to go back into the training mode all over again. The endings in this game are very short and unsatisfying. The good thing is that after you have beaten the game with everybody you can view each ending linked up together and then it makes a lot more sense and you get more satisfaction. There's lot of things to unlock in this game but no codes. No secret characters. The worse part about this game is the gameplay. I recently went back to play this game after not playing it for about a year. I found out that I had forgotten to do all of the moves. So rather than go back into training mode I just turned it off and put it anyway. I'll probably never play it again.
As a fan of the X-Com games and Shadow Watch, I was really looking forward to this game.  Based on the Editorial Reviews on this site, I was expecting somethiing in a similar vein.Unfortunately, there are some subtle  problems with this game that make it vastly inferior to the previously  mentioned titles, and cause the game play to be rather slow and  frustrating.Problems with the tactical level:#1.  Extremely long  fights:  Most of the weapons in this game are frustratingly innacurate and  don't do much damage.  As a result, fights go on and on and on and on and  on and . . well, you get the idea.  In X-Com and Shadow Watch, fire fights  tend to be relatively quick and decisive.  If a bad guy steps out in front  of you without cover, he goes down.  In this game though, he can stand  right in front of you at a range of three or four spaces and it will still  take a few turns to kill him.  You shoot and miss, and shoot and miss and  so on.  And then when you finally do hit the guy, it takes five or six  shots to take him down. Your mouse hand will get sore from all the point  and clicking. Both the accuracy and the lethality of all the weapons in the  game should be about doubled or trippled, which would lead to shorter, more  decisive engagements. 2.  Computer controlled characters have a huge  advantage in accuracy:  This is a weird glitch that becomes really obvious  from about the second fight onwards.  All computer controlled units are  roughly two to three times as accurate as your (supposedly elite) mercenary  units.  What does this mean? A couple of examples: a.)  One of your  mercenaries (with a high accuracy rating) is lying on the ground, firing at  an opponent lying on the ground, with no intervening cover.  The computer  controlled character will hit you about four times for every time you hit  him. b. You have a unit which has carfully positioned itself crouching  behind a tree for cover, shooting at a computer unit standing in the open.  You will hit each other with about the same frequency.While over all  game balance is preserved by the fact that your mercs can just take so damn  much damage, it still makes game play awefully frustrating.  Here you are,  knocking yourself out to find good covered positions to protect your guys,  and the computer still hits them easily, while you're missing its guys that  are out in the open. The problem becomes even more annoying once you start  training local militia to protect your villages.  Being computer  controlled, the local militia also benefit from this huge increase in  accuracy, which means that they completely outclass the mercenaries who  trained them.  Which makes you wonder why they needed your mercenaries to  come liberate them in the first place.Problems with the Strategic  Level:Unbalance Economy:  Simply put, the amount of money running around  in the game doesn't balance out against the cost of most items.  Local  Militia, for example, can be trained for $750, a sum so small by comparison  to what your mines are turning out that it doesn't even enter into your  strategic thinking.  Similarly, the rewards for completing quests in the  game are ludicrously small wnen compared to your income.  What do you say  to a major NPC who is trying to get you to do some major quest by offering  you 20K dollars.  &quot;Hello, I make more than that in a single day of  mining.  Why should I bother?&quot;.  The numbers on a lot of this stuff  need to be adjusted. 2.  A preponderence of innefectual hand guns:  For  some reason, most of the mercs that you can afford at the start of the game  come equipped with hand guns rahter than assault rifles.  Excuse me?  A  professional merc who's going to airdrop into the middle of a civil war  with only a pistol?  This is particularly ludicrous when you realize how  innefectual handguns are in this game.  Even at close range, an NPC is  likely to die of old age long before you ever manage to finish him off with  a .38 revolver. Adding to this problem is the fact that you can't buy  rifles.  Oh sure, the nice mail order company that you do business with  will send you ammo, but not big guns, grenades, night vision goggles, or  any of the really cool stuff that you want to play with.  To get that  stuff, you have to ever so slowly find it off the bodies of dead enemies.  In the course of 15 hours of play, I managed to find only two rifles.  Unfortunately, they were of a calliber that I couldn't buy ammo for.  Arrg.  Why can't you just buy decent armaments in this game?Overall, I would  have to encourage people to buy all the X-Com games and Shadow Watch before  buying this one.  And even then, I would replay the former titles again  before sending buying this one.  Firefights in Jagged Alliance are  needlessly long and indecisive, there is little variation between combat  locations and opponents, and there is a lot of built in frustration in the  fact that your units are so vastly inferior to those controlled by the  computer.  This is a game with a lot of subtle problems that should have  been caught in the beta testing.
I've heard about this game Rainbow Six for years. I've always been curious about it but I haven't played it till recently. I must be missing something because for some reason I did not enjoy this game very much.One thing I've always heard about Tom Clancy games from players is "they are so realistic". The realism is Rainbow Six is partly what drags the game down. Everything is caught up in trying to be as real as possible that for me at least, it sucked the fun right out of the game. The premise of the game is that you are leading an anti-terrorist group called "Rainbow" made up of the top special forces operatives in the world. But from the outset the game is bogged down in tedious details. Mission planning is unncessarily over complicated. I spent maybe an hour planning a mission that my team was wiped on in under 3 minutes. It seems that three quarters of the game is spent in the planning stage. Selecting team members, equipment, weapons, mapping a mission plan all seem more important that actually performing the mission. This led me to bouts of "Oh come on!! I just want to play the game!!!". The online play doesn't fair much better either I'm sorry to say. The average online game is about 30 seconds in length and I was frequently shot in the back after the first 5 seconds. After which I was relegated to watching the other online players. Also the problem of veteran players racking up stats for some game "leagues" by preying on lesser skilled players is rampant. Unfortunatley there's not much that can be done about that.The controls fair no better. The control scheme is complex to the point of frustration. Other teams just stand there waiting for you to give them "GO Codes". But they are more like ducks in a shooting gallery. Being picked off one by one till you are the only player left. There is an option to remap the keyboard controls but that unfortunatly doesn't make things any easier.The graphics look a bit dated but the game ran very smoothley on my computer.Rainbow Six is a game that has a really good idea but falls horribley short in its execution. It's needlessly complex and overly tedious. If you are a Playstation 2 owner I'd recomend SOCOM: US Navy Seals over Rainbow Six. For PC I would recomend Operation Flashpoint. Both are alot more playable and more enjoyable.
This is a superb shooting game with lots of realism and strategy incoprorated. Graphics are great as is choice of team-mates and weaponary. I guess that it pretty realstic in a lot of ways as your team mates get in your way, and the terrorists are not as stupid as they are on some other games - they will shoot at you as soon as they see you. But there are times when you shoot at a terrorist and he doesn't die but shoots you instead. It seems to be a problem with the game. There are lots or really weird glitches too. You see dead terrorists levitating and half of them stuck through walls and their legs hanging down through the roof etc. I find it irritating that the designers take so much care to make tyres go down when you shoot them, and different sounds when you shoot a bed or a window, but then so little detail is given to other aspects such as the lights which don't go out if you shoot them. I have never seen lights like that. "Goldeneye" has lights that pop so why doesn't this? A lot of this game is just too difficult to win at. In addition, you get a mission such as the one at the datcha where you must avoid detection -  this is really difficult. The idea is to plant a bug and a camera and leave as though you've never even been there. You can go round and shoot al the windows out and still complete the level...and no one will notice that there are windows missing, glass everywhere and bullet holes in the walls? My point is, if you are going to go for realism then go all the way, or not at all. My low rating for this game is due to the problems I have had playing it on the PC. I think it's a game with really great potential, but you end up waiting all the time while the computer makes grinding sounds which freeze your action, but while you are frozen it really impedes playability and you end up getting shot because you can't react. Unplayable due to this, and I have a powerful computer, so that's not the problem. This is overambitious for the PC market, and there are things that need rethinking to make it a better game.
This game has no sense of linearity to it at all... You spend most of the game trying to figure out where to go next, and mostly being wrong. I can't even really say this game was remotely fun to play. In fact, the only reason I kept playing was because I was hoping to find some kind of story hidden in this madness... but I didn't.The game boasts seven different main characters, all with their own backgrounds and skills. You can play the game as any one of them, while meeting the rest along the way. The problem is that all the intertwining story-lines get so crosswired that after a while you don't remember who's character you are really playing, and what your original goal was.In the same respect, the game is huge. Once you get past a certain stage, the entire world is left before you, and you can go where you want, and do what you want, without having to stay within the confines of your particular storyline. Some people may like this freedom, but I found it annoying! I love the idea of being able to explore the world on my own, but I never had a sense of purpose throughout the game. I never really knew where to go next, and every time I went to a new city I just felt like I was going around in circles and not making any progress.Needless to say, I haven't completed this game, and I don't plan on it anytime soon. This game is just bad! If you want to wander aimlessly around a series of cartoony cities, each with hidden dungeons and shops and no sense of purpose whatsoever, then by all means get this game. I for one would rather spend my money on a nice root canal, or perhaps a spinal tap.
This was the most boring game I've ever bought.  Don't let the description of multiple games with multiple characters fool you.  It's one game that you go through with various times with different characters.  The valiant  effort of a very non-linear storyline was marred by the fact that it was so  non-linear that the stories were often left being incoherent.  It's tedious  going through the same mini-quests over and over.  Most of the characters  could have been a good choice to have their own full game.This was a  good idea, playing through multiple games where you meet up with past  characters that you played, but the games needs a huge overhaul in order to  give it more variety.If you have a LOT of time to kill and are very  easily amused and find this game for very cheap, give it a whirl.  Otherwise, find a decent game or play Final Fantasy VII for the 10th time.  It will be much more interesting.
Initially &quot;Saga Frontier&quot; is quite interesting, but unfortunately it quickly bogs down from there.  The game offers seven different characters in seven different stories (some of which are actually quite interesting); this is a very neat idea, but the action gets repetitive after exploring the same area in different stories.  The fight action is interesting at first, but this too gets repetitive in a rather short time.  One thing I did like was the backgrounds; some of them were just beautifully rendered.  Unfortunately the character/monster graphics just did not fit in with the background; they were two different styles that just did not mesh well with each other.  If the game had offered a better combat engine and more unique areas for each character, &quot;Saga Frontier&quot; would have been a pretty good game.
And that's being generous. I've never played a more lifeless, dull RPG.  The dialogue comes off as if it was written by an autistic elementary schooler. I understand the sequel is supposed to be much better, but... I'm  afraid I've been scared off for good.
This game was a real let-down for me. I really dislike the 3rd person camera. And it takes me forever to aim. I own all duke nukem games and this is the worst. Look for something else.
So i bought this game, and when i recieved it, it was tucked away in a paper envelope, just the disk and nothing else.....and lo and behold, when i take it out, it has a huge crack in it making it unplayable, so not only did i have to pay for an unplayable copy of it, i had to pay for a brand new copy of it at $25. I might review the game when i actually play it, but don't buy it without a case, make sure when you order it, it comes in some kind of protective casing, not just a disk in a sleeveActual Game Review: Duke is still the man, even todayScore: 5 out of 5Ok, the only DN game i ever played fully was Duke Nukem Zero Hour, so i decided to try antoher one, and TTK seemed like a great choice since it resembled Zero Hour.....and it's just as awesome, the weapons are amazing with my personal favorite being the shotgun and the level design is fun and not to repetitive. Graphics wise it's not that bad, but it's a PS1 game from 1996, but graphics don't make the game, look at Metal Gear or Resident Evil, and Duke Nukem is just as fun as those two. If you're an action game fan, a Duke Nukem fan, or just want pure action, big explosions, bigger guns and Duke with an even bigger ego, check this game out.
if you pay over 200.00 for the first dragoon game you need to understand its only 6 levels so dont spend that much when you can get it for 25.00 everywhere else
I remember playing this game a few times with my friend. And then I asked him why did he get it....over and over. Batman Forever is based on the so so movie of the same name and as licensed games go, developers rush it out the door as soon as possible to make money. So that's one of the many reasons why this game wasn't so great.As some of the other reviewers have stated, this game used digitized graphics and controls made popular by Mortal Kombat at the time. So, it looks great for a SNES game and uses the Batman license. Unfortunately, everything else about the game sucked. Batman and Robin both move around like either tanks or robots. Basic things like walking and jumping are a chore to do. They each have special moves, which are set up like moves you perform in fighting games, except they rarely work. The enemies were super hard to beat and it seems every couple of minutes you see a loading screen (you should NEVER wait for a game to load if it's on a cartridge!) Add in the lack of save features or continues and you got a hard game that wasn't meant to be played or beaten.Stay away from this crap even if you are tempted to buy it. It isn't worth it and it turned out to be WORSE than the bad movie it was based on.
As the other reviews have stated, this is a very boring game. You are Batman or Robin set out to save Gotham from the Riddler and Twoface. An interesting thing to this game is that the buttons are set up like Mortal Kombat, high punch, low punch, up to jump and select to use your grappling hook. When you start each level you make a choice of two extra weapons like smoke bombs, gas guns and baterangs. There's not much to the game, you move straight through on a set side scrolling platform path beating up bad guys. The graphics are pretty amazing, being that the game is so much like Mortal Kombat, so are the graphics!
I reviewed this game a while back on the Genesis, and yeah its not one of the better Batman games that's 4 sure! With a few minor differences in sound and landscape design of the levels this game is almost identical to the Genesis version, and that being said your in for a lot of headaches.The set up of this game is very unique. The gameplay mechanics resemble something from Mortal Kombat or other fighting games, but its actually a walkthrough/beat-em up style action game though. You can choose as Batman or Robin, and of course with the option of having a 2 player mode as well. Like the Genesis version they use real live digitized footage of actors for the sprites in the game so it looks pretty good overall. That is also where a lot of the pros end on this game, the rest are cons!First off its extremely hard not just because of the constant barrage of enemies you face but the controls I think may have been designed by a programmer with a really bad sense of humor! The characters do not respond and sometimes feel glitchy and too perform the easiest of moves it takes a very odd button combination. So fighting the constant flow of enemies is super annoying and frustrating! And also the SNES is known for having great soundtracks and sound quality in its games, not here, there are literally 2 tracks through out the game! 0_oThe Adventures of Batman and Robin on The Sega Genesis is a great Batman game, and its port on the SNES isn't too shabby either, check out one of them but avoid this one!
The digitized actors give the game an interesting visual style, and the levels/backgrounds bear a decent resemblance to certain sections of the movie. As someone who's played a lot of Mortal Kombat I thought the controls were decent, but I can understand how frustrating gadget usage must be if you aren't used to inputting 'special move' commands all the time.Really, the game just gets boring and repetitive after awhile. There's not a lot to do except beat up thugs, and the 'loading' that takes place between each room kills the momentum and gameplay flow. A lack of continues or save feature keeps you from wanting to jump back in when you die. And beyond the graphics in the levels, presentation is downright bad with bland elevator music and a weird batcomputer display that tries to move the narrative along. Plus what kind of game do you have when the manual doesn't even list how to jump down between floors in a room??2-player co-op does make the game a bit better, until you either get stuck or get bored. Overall, another dud Batman licensed game.
Please do not make the same mistake I did buying this game.  The game play is terrible, graphics are bad, and there are tons of the gliche's.  I tried to resell and its worth 25 cents.  enough said.
They should've made this game like the 2 before it. They just made it too complex and un donkey kong ya know what i mean?Its ok at first, but it gets boring too fast.( at least it's not nearly as bad as DK64 )
Doesn't match the pic and I don't remember any mention of this by the seller, Again European version. I'm sure it would work on a European SNES.
Why do I rate this game 1 star? There are several reasons. First and foremost, there is NO SAVEPOINT. In short, you'll have to beat this game in ONE SITTING. Talk about patience. The second major problem that I have with this game is that it is trying to do too much. It is a top-down shooter AND a first-person shooter. The graphics in the top-down mode are fine, but the graphics and textures in FP mode are DREADFUL. Doom has FAR better variety, texture-wise. Personally, I got headaches after playing in FP mode after 30 minutes--and remember, you can't save. So the bottom line is this, if you want to kill dinosaurs, I'd recommend Jurassic Park for the old NES and the Carnivores series for PC. N64 has a Turok the Dinosaur Hunter series out. Pass this game, you'll be glad you did.
the game came in and had another persons name in white out on it and didnt even work. waist of my cash.
Don't get me wrong, its an ok game, its kinda fun, at the same time I don't see why this game is so amazing. The music is suppose to be good, I thought it didn't do the SNES sound chip any justice. Gameplay is quite repetitive, I know a lot of games can be repetitive but its a repition that bores me. Your constantly locating stuff, that got boring. But I will say, if I was bored or just killing time before I go out it would be good for a few rounds to play. The story line is pretty impressive, so I guess the game deserves props in that area. The game is good in its own little ways, but I just don't rank it up there with some of the other classics. I have some friends that love this game, so I guess I respect it for what it is.
Please don't get extremist on me, but I don't really like this game. It's overrated and I will stick to the first Legend of Zelda that's way better than this! Newer Zelda games are NOT my thing.
(This review was updated on July 10th, 2006)I've changed my mind about Super Mario World and actually think it deserves 4 stars.  I was just in a bad mood when I originally gave the game a 2-star rating.  It turns out Super Mario World is not just a game you can enjoy growing up in the early 90's.  It actually has a lot of replay value and years later our children can enjoy Super Mario World the same way WE did.I still stand by what I say in the original review: "The Donkey Kong Country series, for example, came along with a similar idea and made it more exciting IMO, so, if I were you I'd go with one of those games instead of Super Mario World.  For the most part the levels in the DKC series feel different from each other (plus, they feel more creative and memorable).  Unfortunately, many of the levels in Super Mario World are all basically the same and, as a result, I feel exhausted after playing the game for two hours.To put it another way- in Super Mario World it feels like you're going through the levels simply to collect coins and extra lives.  In the Donkey Kong Country series, you pretty much do the same thing (except bananas instead of coins) but it seems like the DKC series offers more creativity in the level design, which allows you to look forward to each stage and think to yourself "I wonder what cool thing I get to do in THIS stage".  It's not like that in Super Mario World."I still believe that, but I've recently come to change my mind a little and think that, even though most of the levels in Super Mario World feel the same, that's not necessarily a BAD thing.  I also don't think the graphics in SMW are as nice as many reviewers think.  They sort of look blocky but, to their credit, Nintendo games have always had plenty of pretty colors, which is a plus.So go ahead and buy Super Mario World if you want to experience the joy of old-school Mario (the games MY generation grew up with).  After all, it's Mario and Mario games always have something decent going for them (except Mario Is Missing, but with time we've come to realize that game never even existed!)Super Mario World is basically Super Mario Bros. 3 (but without all the cool Mario suits and less creative worlds).  I like in Super Mario Bros. 3 how you have water, desert, air, plant and ice worlds (in addition to more).  In Super Mario World you just have UNUSUAL worlds such as Chocolate Island and Forest of Illusion.  Those aren't as neat as the worlds in Super Mario Bros. 3.  Super Mario World should have been the best Mario game yet but Nintendo took a few steps back (but with a MONSTER like Super Mario Bros. 3 I guess it would have been difficult to make a better Mario game right after it).Another problem in Super Mario World is that if you want to get a perfect score (96) you not only have to reach the goal in every single level, but you also have to find and grab a key in certain levels (but not all levels have keys).  This means you have to go through many levels a SECOND time.  It's sort of boring.  Once is enough.  The concept of collecting keys wasn't a good one.  I guess the good part is that if you are wearing a cape, you can quickly fly through the levels (except for water levels, and any level where the screen pushes you to the right) but that's not fun either because all you do is continue flying and pushing the back button to stay up high in the air until you reach the goal (or the key).  However, at the end of the day none of this is really enough to make the game bad in any way.  I just get tired of it.Go ahead and get it.  Yes, it's a classic.
People say this game is great. To what extent? its great horrendousness? if that is the case, then yes. this game is so hard and cant be beat unless cheated after world 6, the game is impossible. just stick with sonic on sega genesis. the graphics look like the NES, even genesis is better. just dont waste time with a snes console or games.
This is one of the most overrated games of the Mario series. First of all, it's extremely difficult and frustrating. There's always been a problem with Mario games concerning the controls, they're slippery and not responsive enough for the difficulty of the game. Also the fact that the only attack Mario can do is jump on his enemies, at least in this game which isn't enough arsenal for the amount of enemies that are set against you at one time (armies of them). I know people who have been stuck on the same level for years and it makes me wonder why people bother with this game.Another dire problem is the process of saving your game. The game only lets you save at designated points instead of saving at the completion of each level which again makes this game seem frustrating when you complete a substantial amount of the game and suddenly die and get sent back five to eight levels for losing all your lives.I would've given the game 2 stars for the graphics alone which look somewhat advanced for 1991 but there are so many games from the 16 bit era that surpassed it that I'm going to ignore the graphics in this review because they simply don't make up for its lack of detail and intuitiveness in everything else. In comparison to Donkey Kong Country and Sonic The Hedgehog 3 this game is dwarfed for its graphics. Another reason to overlook the graphics is the blending of levels in which the same type of level looks nearly identical to every level of its kind.And let's not forget the overrated soundtrack. The music is dull, repetitive, and juvenile and not in good way. It's not uncommon to hear the same music being played for three or more consecutive levels which is  ridiculous because they didn't even do this on the NES.Now don't get me wrong, I'm a casual Nintendo fan who immensely enjoyed other games on the Super Nintendo and Nintendo games on newer consoles, Super Mario World isn't one of them because it's frustrating and it sucks.
This game has great graphics, an excellent 16-bit redo of the original soundtrack, and an overall awesome game. But after the famous title sequence ended and the game started, I was left in frustration. Level one put me against thousands of dinosaurs, scorpions, and worms. After 30 unsuccessful minutes, I used the flawed Game Genie ram editor to give myself invincibility, and level 1 became a snap. Level two started. I was put in mode 7 with a land speeder, not good considering the age of the game. The clunky land speeder vehicle could hardly aim at the Jawas, and once I shot all 10 of them I zoomed towards the sand crawler. Level 3 begins. It was an awful platformer with enemies that knock you back to the ground. Luke can't even jump high enough to reach half the platforms. Even with the Genie granting my wishes, it was still an impossible mess!!!
O.k. I'll put it out right now and bring the big guns,...combined couldn't even compete with the "hint of mint" of this game.Zoop was terrible. It was supposed to be the new Tetris and it turned out to be the new garbage of the day. Zoop was everywhere. It was in every magazine, every commercial and every home system yet the game still flopped because of it's horrid gameplay.You were a little triangle. Your job... match colors and shapes before a row of colors touches you ... Oh by the way, that's all there is to this game. How fun right?Of course not. Zoop was the biggest hype and also the biggest flop ever, or atleast that I can personally think of off hand. Honestly, it wasn't even worth playing. If you wanted to get frustrated all night long playing a game, then all you needed to do was pop in Zoop and then you could be angry all night long.Do not play, buy or even look at a screen shot of Zoop. It'll destroy your brain and erase all of your known gaming abilities for other games. Avoid it!
This was a fad, where they were hoping to be the next Tetris and they came out on every system and every platform, people were hooked on matching colors of triangles with squares, then the people playing this game got bored of it and it was never heard from again. The point is that you must select a triangle from the middle of the screen and point it toward an isle of squares and shoot it off to destroy the squares. If too many squares get lined up, you lose!!!
its boring you play a triangle trying to poke balls into a square
In this game, all you do is line up the colors and clear blocks using the color you, a triangle, have at the current time.  If the blocks get to the square you are in, the game ends.  Another thing that gets me is that this game lacks a 2-Player Mode.  Do not even bother with this game.
I had a friend who used to come over and make fun of me for owning Killer Instinct.  He'd constantly ask me "when are you going to get rid of this crappy game?" and I'd tell him "oh, eventually".  But it took until 2001 when the game didn't sell at a yard sale that I ended up throwing it in the trashbin . THAT is when I got rid of it for good.The fighting in Killer Instinct is even worse than in Mortal Kombat, and I didn't think it was possible to defeat Mortal Kombat in sheer crappiness.  The one thing Killer Instinct does better than MK is the combo system.  It's easier and more enjoyable to unleash combos to your opponent in this game.  Unfortunately, just like Mortal Kombat, the fighting system is severely dated and useless by todays standards.  Unless you like your fighting games to be in slow-motion along with neverending choppy graphics (with bad-looking fatalities included for additional pain- pain that YOU feel) you should never ever think about buying this game.  Just another Super NES fighting game I hope people can't remember.
I never got into the hype of Mortal Kombat when it came out in arcades; it was good on arcade while the game lasted and then shipped to SEGA and SNES. Playing it on SNES was pretty boring for me for three reasons. One was the lack of blood. It was probably the most interesting feature of the arcade game. Two was the controller problem. I could never get a lot of moves done the way I asked for. Three was the sheer boredom of it. The game is very one dimensional for me. There is not much to do except memorize the combo moves for each player and then the fatality move. After them, there is nothing else anymore. The tournament is interesting, but once the ladder is climbed to the top, that's it. There isn't much to be said. All in all, Mortal Kombat doesn't cut it for me.
Mortal Kombat was really weak on the SNES because it was so censored. No blood, some people had different fatalities (ex: Johnny Cage's foot in your stomach). Blood was traded for sweat (?!?!) and because of those 2 reasons, the game was truly brought down a notch.Yes it's still a classic but it's not worth it on SNES. You're better off getting it on the SEGA system because that way you could overcome the censorship and at least put in a &quot;blood code&quot;.Personally, I'd skip this one anyday and go straight to MK II because that was just all out better than MK and it was a lot more enjoyable, had better replay and a lot more characters. Trust me, skip MK on SNES and go straight for MK II on SNES.
When Mortal Kombat 1 was released on the arcades nearly a decade ago, it immediately became a HUGE hit. It was so realistic, and the hand-to-hand combat style was so extreme. The game also centered around controversy due to the incredibly unique violent content. Fans anxiously awaited for the game's arrival on home video game consoles. When it was released to the Super Nintendo, fans wasted no time purchasing it. However, the happy fans were quickly disappointed when they discovered Mortal Kombat to be edited. Thanks to Acclaim and Nintendo, this game has NO blood &amp; guts! The fatalities are edited and toned down. The blood has been changed to sweat. MK fans were ripped off and very angry about the censorship in the game. At least the Sega Genesis version of MK had a blood code. The Super Nintendo version plays a lot like the arcade hit. The graphics, sound, music, and animation play equivelant to the arcade. But without the bloody violence and original fatalities, it's just not the same. This is still an okay fighting game though, which is why I gave it two stars instead of one. Too bad it's so old. I could do without it. MK II and MK III are a heck of a lot better. Don't waste your money on this. Rent it if you can.
Because you need something like that to make this game interesting and enjoyable; because its that bad!!!!!!!!!!Seriously this game sucks, the graphics were great for the 16-BIT, the sound isn't all that bad, and that's were it stops. The gameplay is full of glitches and other issues. There is no blood, though you'll see a lot of sweat, maybe some tears, but no blood. You can't leave that out of the deal, also the game was just censored to death. The combination of the bad gameplay, and lack of originality that should have come from the arcades killed this version! I remember you could trip someone half way across the screen!? ;( Its just a dumb game.If you wanna make it good like I said in the begining get some beer and other things, possibly get drunk, and then maybe you might find it entertaining. Other than that avoid this one, but check out the sequel.
I missed the original Mortal Kombat in arcades, and was introduced to the series through word-of-mouth about how violent the title was. Really if this was the only version I'd played, I would've never gussed what all the hype was about.Graphics and audio are pretty good, far surpassing what the Genesis version was offering and staying pretty true to the arcade version. Gameplay however, is a failure. Nevermind that the fatalities have been changed and the blood turned to sweat - the actual fighting is stiff and unresponsive, and it feels like the fighters have their feet glued to the floor. The only move that works well here is Scorpion's spear, and it's so smooth in its execution that it becomes the best way of landing cheap hits.Look at MK objectively: bad controls, less characters than Street Fighter, less moves, a limited number of environments with no background animation (though the Pit idea was rather cool). The first installment was truly one that sold based on the strength of its gore, and on the SNES we're deprived of that as well.MK fans might or might not want this version for completion purposes (since it looks graphically like the arcade but removes all the violent content). Everyone else should jump to MKII, which really got the series started.
He's a basketball player, yet Shaquille O'Neal made it so big with his basketball career that he thought that he could expose his name in the mid 90's.Shaq Dieselanyone? That was hilarious. Now look what Shaq came up with: a fighting game. Just by having the biggest name on the front of the cover tells enough what the quality of this game really comes out to.The video game consists of bad punchline dialog before the fights, a plot that's just predictable and stupid, lame graphics, and controls that are so agonizing to handle that it's just completely pointless.This game was voted one of the worst fighting games for a reason. No need to waste your time on this when there are far superior games released on the SNES with much better plots and controls.
This was the worst fighting game on the SNES system. Even worse than the home version of SNK's ART OF FIGHTING and FIGHTER'S HISTORY. The game is not only stupid, it's easy and the characters are really lame.Granted yes, this game was released when Shaquille was really, really big in the mainstream, but after this game, notice how things started to go bad for him. After all, he did KA-ZAAM. But anyway, the controls are bad, the graphics are bad, fights are really predictable (ex: you know what the computer is going to do) and all in all not a fun game.Seriously, SNES had all of the better fighting games so I'm sure you could find one that you like because there are several to choose from. For instance, STREET FIGHTER II series (New Challengers, Hyper, etc), MORTAL KOMBAT II and ULTIMATE MORTAL KOMBAT, FATAL FURY 2 SPECIAL and even BALLZ. Skip SHAQ FU, it's a waste of your time.
Legendary basketball player Shaquille O'Neil is in Tokyo as he goes into a Chinese store where an old man whisks you away into another dimension where you must combat enemies like a cat-lady, a mummy and other baddies.One of the worst games of all time! this game is a complete disaster that i remembered thinking the game has an odd yet wacky concept as it has to be fun and rented it from one of my local video stores. The music is ok and the graphics are cartoony but this game has lousy controls that feel like they have been busted, you keep getting killed without a fair chance.No wonder this has been a waste of rental money for those that rented it, in fact there is a site that is dedicated to destroying this horrible abomination of a game. It's as bad as Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, X-Men for NES and E.T. for Atari.
Yes cause he's f**king you over rather ya like it or not. The controlls are not very good but you know this is a bad game when your storyline is I stumbled upon a Dojo an old man says fight for me this was made when Shaq was with the Magic so the old man says you are the magic 1 so you fight a cat huminoid a boogger Sheets a dude from Aku Locka Polkistan a chick who uses voodoo guess what her name is Voodoo Beast and the boss Sett Ra a boss so stupid he would even be passable for a Killer Instinct character. M Bison and Shao Khan were better Bosses cheap but beatable and your attacks are difficult to pull off but everybody attacks you and there specials are more powerful this would have been a decent arcade game but but play it for 2 player mode and the bad 1 liners at the end of everty fight. Good game if you need a good laugh.
This is one of those SNES games that makes me wonder how hardcore gamers were back in the 90's. It's freakin impossible. The idea is hilarious, but Shaq has terrible moves, and everyone else has amazing moves, and super intelligent AI.Don't pay too much for this game, but it's good for a few laughs.
It all happens as soon as you read the title, the acid in your stomache just churns up.Shaq Fu was one of those gaming horrors of the 90's that should have never been, just like his awful, awful movie career.I feel like my intelligence decreased after playing it, but back then I was but a mere child and I loved fighting games (as well as RPG's). As such I was easily sucked into playing any fighter that rolled out of a factory, thank god I had only rented this mediocre title.The graphics were pretty good I'll admit, but then there was Shaq to remind me that I was playing an absolute piece of crap. The characters clobber each other with puns before a battle ensues, oh dear god!! After your brain is crushed from the weight of sheer bad humor the fight starts. At this point you take a deep breath and think "Well at least that's over...". That is if you haven't gotten to the point where your thinking "!$@@&%*@!!^$$#...." and believe me I'll understand if you have.If you've lasted this long then....I PITY YOUR SOUL!! Anyways, the fight starts and it's incredibly easy...to the point that enjoyment is null and the fact that your playing Shaq Fu doesn't help cure that sudden acid reflux problem either. I beat it in about 20 minutes *yawn* (or was it *urk* I forgot...).I beg of anyone that's even considering buying this or god forbid, even playing this PLEASE!!! Your not missing a thing, in fact you'll thank me and anyone else that has a similar opinion on the matter. Playing a great 2-D fighter like Samurai Showdown or Street Fighter II is far better than having prematurely gray hair and vomit all over your favorite shirt (and being mentally scarred).If you own this game, there's an easy cure. Either melt it in a fire or throw it in the sea or anything that makes it dissapear from existance, please don't sell this game to anyone. It's an insult that this game was even made.
I love Shaq Fu,and I don't care what anybody else thinks.It's just so bad,that it's good.Funny characters,terrible ridiculous story...it's great.This game has become something of a cult classic,but the SNES version is very watered down compared to the Genesis game.It is missing characters,backgrounds and a few other things as well.The storyline is pretty much the same,but since characters are missing,some of the storyboards will be missing too,through the story mode.Graphics and sound are a bit better than the Genesis version,since this IS on SNES,plus the controls are easier,although that wouldn't really matter,just as long as your using a six button controller on the Genesis.Overall,if you love a good laugh at something awful,enjoy the FULL experience and get Shaq Fu for Sega Genesis instead.
This game is regularly voted as one of the worst video games of all time (if not THE worst), and I won't argue with that, but I think that the game is actually strangely fascinating. It's so bad it's actually comical! In fact, it's even almost like it was intended to be that way (although I'm sure it wasn't). The game has a storyline that makes minus zero sense. The way it starts is, Shaq is in Japan before a charity basketball game, and he comes to this karate dojo (by the way, there is a bit of prominent Pepsi product placement [how's that for alliteration?] here), where an old man informs him that he (Shaq, that is) is the Magic One, and that he (again, Shaq) must go into another dimension to rescue some kid named Nezu. Then Shaq goes through this portal into the other dimension. The story begs multitudinous questions, and never answers a single one (unless I've missed or forgotten something, or more than one thing). Some examples: Just why is Shaq (the "Magic One") the ONLY one who can rescue Nezu? Why can't anyone else do it? Why was Nezu kidnapped in the first place? Why is there a portal to the other dimension inside the dojo? How does the old man know that Shaq is the Magic One (that is, the one who must rescue Nezu)? This next question doesn't really have so much to do with the story, but just exactly how do you pronounce "Nezu"? ("NEZ-oo"? "NEE-zoo"? "NAY-zoo"?) If I tried to list all of the questions that the storyline (and other things in the game) make me ask, the list would probably go on for miles before I finished it! As for the actual "game" part, I really don't think that it looks or sounds that bad (although MANY other games, including other SNES games, have done MUCH better). I wouldn't say that the controls are that good, though. Your opponents are really bizarre --- a catlady, a mummy (who is the main bad guy), and assorted other weirdos. Before each match, you and your opponent engage in a bit of smack talking --- bad smack talking, at that. It seems that your opponents all have much better moves than you do; they can whip your butt in no time. I find it odd that Shaq has no basketball-related moves; shouldn't he at least have the ability to throw basketballs at his opponents? (By the way, get a load of the mummy guy's name: Sett Ra. Those who are familiar with ancient Egyptian deities, or at least their names, will probably get a laugh out of that.) And, for those of you who may not want the ending of the game spoiled, SKIP THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH!The game ends as ridiculously as it begins (almost). Shaq returns to Earth (with Nezu) in time for that charity basketball game --- and who is there at the game but Shaq's enemies from the other dimension (or at least a couple of them, anyway). Then Shaq dishes out a little more smack talk, and that's it.Overall, a supremely cheesy game. It really makes no sense that Shaq is even on the game. The game indeed appears to have been mainly just a cheap attempt to cash in on Shaq's (then-)celebrity, as he was very big at the time; making a truly good game (let alone one where Shaq's presence actually makes sense) doesn't seem to have been a priority. If you like games with storylines that make actual sense (any sense at all), this definitely isn't one of those games. If you like games that play really well, this isn't one of those games, either. But if you just want a game that is good for a few laughs (even if that was unintentional), this game might work for you, though it certainly isn't worth paying much for.
I think the game play is great the music was good but the main thing that made me give this a low rating are none other than the lacking of the graphics they are absolutely horrible and it makes it really hard to see where you going sometimes.Well thats all I got to say, This game would have been great if it weren't for the attrocious graphics and I think the PC version was alot better.
Next to Sega CD the worst version of DOOM.  The graphics suck and you can barely tell what anything is, the sound is decent (the one star), the controls are horrid, the gameplay is horrid and the shores of hell freezes up on start, so all you really have is a butchered port of Knee Deep & Inferno with horrid controls.  Terrible.
First of all, Here are the PROS and CONSPROS:Good for the people who own a SNES, not PC.CONS:really bad graphics.slower animation than PC.you can't save the game.It is shorter than the PC version of doom.Overall: 0.9This is a pretty good game, but not for SNES!Get it on PC. That version is alot better.
not that this game is bad, but it is hard to play on Console, because PC makes everything so much easier for games like this. I would recommend playing this game, but on the PC not the SNES. 2 stars for this one.
Trust me, the Super NES version of Super Wrestlemania is awful in every sense of the word.  The way the wrestlers *very* slowly walk across the screen JUST to deliver a simple generic wrestling move to your opponent (because the game company didn't give any of the wrestlers many moves to work with) is worse than any kind of pain you can imagine.I can't believe anyone would consider buying this game, unless they had personal childhood memories attached to it and they were buying it BACK after giving it away or something.  The one thing it has going for it is the selection of legendary wrestlers.  Once you select one of those wrestlers and actually play the game, you're in for a nasty snail-pace surprise.  So bad, so boring, so forgettable.
Super Wrestlemania was pretty good back in 1991, but later SNES WWF games were much better and made this one look second-rate. The graphics were decent, the sound was okay (future WWF SNES games improved on both graphics and sound...Royal Rumble and Raw had very good music for a SNES game, and Raw actually had a decent intro [similar to the WWF Monday Night Raw's 1993-1994 opening for the TV show]), but where it really lacks is it features just a few modes of play : singles match (player vs computer or player vs player) and tag team match (one player vs computer, one player vs another player, and two players together vs computer)...you won't find any tournament modes in this one, so you won't be able to go for the World Wrestling Federation Championship (the REAL world heavyweight title, slappy!). Future SNES WWF games allow you to go for the gold (WWF World title in Royal Rumble, and both WWF World title and WWF Tag title in WWF Raw). You'd be better off with either Royal Rumble or Raw.
LJN was a subsidiary of Acclaim Entertainment created to make more games for the NES and it continued into the SNES/Genesis era. One of their first games they released for the SNES was WWF Super Wrestlemania in 1992. While it was great to see a game with the WWF license, it only turned out to be a forgettable wrestling game that sorely lacked content and variety.WWF Super Wrestlemania lets you take control of one out of eight wrestlers. From there, you can choose to play a one player game to go against the computer, a 2 player vs. game to go against another player or a tag team mode where you and another player take on a computer controlled tag team. Whoever pins the other person first is the winner of the match. That's pretty much the entire game. There is nothing else to do but to tweak the options before or after the match.The PROS: For its time, the graphics and sounds were top notch. The controls were simple enough so it doesn't take long before you pull off punches, kicks, body slams and jumping off from the top rope. The wrestlers look good enough that you recognize them. Finally, 2 player support means you can take on a friend anytime you wanted when you get tired of playing against the computer.The CONS: The problems here are few but bothersome. First off, you only have 8 wrestlers and that is a small selection to choose from. Second, the game modes are scarce: there aren't any main story or tournament modes to play through. One player, 2 player vs. and tag team modes are no different from each other. Even though they look like the real wrestlers, the in-game wrestlers don't have any of their trademark moves. They all move the same and have the same basic moves so it didn't matter which wrestler you play with. Then there is the ring you fight in. There's only one ring you fight in. The crowd cheers for you in the background but it loops constantly so it will eventually get on your nerves. At this point, the game starts to get very repetitive with no real purpose other than to fight over and over again. Clearly, LJN just wanted this game out there since there were new gaming consoles that people were buying at the time.It was fun playing this game for a while but afterwards, it got boring. The lack of game modes, variety in the rings and the absence of trademark moves for the wrestlers just makes WWF Super Wrestlemania feel like a generic wrestling game without any of the things that mirrored the World Wrestling Federation at the time. If you're looking for a good SNES wrestling game, get Royal Rumble instead.
The original Wrestlemania was in no way at all a good game. It was boring, slow and every wrestler had the same exact moves and more or less looked the same.Wrestlemania wasn't meant to be a stand out game. I think it was meant to be the beginning of something else because after this came WWF Royal Rumble and WWF Raw which some of us plated to death.I would surpass this one and go straight to either WWF Royal Rumble or WWF RAW.
THE GAME IS SLOW AND THERE IS NO WRESTLING MOVES.BUT YOU GET OUTSIDE THE RING ACTION WITH ANY WRESTLER.PS IF YOU WANT WRESTLING GET WWF RAW OR THE ROYAL RUMBLE FOR SNES.
Well, I guess the title for this review should essentially sum up the game. This game featured some of the greatest names in pro wrestling in the late 80's and early 90's. Hulk Hogan, Randy Savage, Shawn Michaels, The Undertaker, Hawk and Animal The Legion of Doom, Earthquake and Typhoon the Natural Disasters, The Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase and Sid Justice make up quite an impressive roster for a wrestling game made during that era. I will concede that Bret "The Hitaman" Hart not being in the game is kind of a snub, but it does not matter since the game is lousy.There is the typical one-on-one match-up as well as Tag Team match-up, and even a Survivor Series elimination match. But the biggest flaw is the fact that there are no finishers. You won't see Hogan's leg drop, Savage's flying elbow, Earthquake's butt-splash or the Doomsday Device. It is just a simple finger-blistering grapple war, and no tournament or campaign mode means that there is no real reason to play more than a single match of the game, nor is there any point to selecting a character.The sound is the typical recycled grunts and slams on the mat. While the music is halfway decent, that's about the only redeeming factor. These flaws would be fixed in the sophomoric attempt Royal Rumble. This title, however, was best avoided then back in the day, and now as well.
The fact that those two wrestlers aren't in this version of WWF Wrestlemania: The Arcade Game is reason enough to avoid it.  Yoko Zuna is a big guy with very powerful moves, and Bam Bam is yet another big guy.  It's odd how they didn't include either of the two BIG guys on the Super NES.  It's not like this game has a lot of options and wrestlers anyway, so to take away two wrestlers and leave you with only six is just ridiculous.  Get the Playstation version.
This game is crazy. In every possible meaning of the word. I mean nothing about this game make sense. Infact I'll bet you anything,in the remotest parts of Southeast Asia,playing this game is considered the number one form of execution. The gameplay is childish & cartoony. Some of the moves in the game you can't do in real life like doing a perfect piledriver on a super-heavy-weight like Yokozuna. The game speed is so fast that you think it was high on sugar. When a wrestler punches another wrestlers,stuff comes out of that guy like when you punch Yokozuna so many times fishes fly out of his pants. All the wrestlers fly so high you think they were on speed or something like that. This makes The Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog cartoon look sane by comparison. The only GOOD thing about this game is that the wreslters look like the wrestlers in real life but that's still not enough to save this game. I give this "game" a 1 out of 10.
Given the pre-release hype from game sites, I was really anticipating this game as the contender for the best RTS this year. I'm pretty disappointed.The good first: The game looks very nice. It has that same  techno-organic look as Battlezone 2, not surprising since the same guys did  it. It runs fairly nice, aside from the crashes. The framerate and overall  running is probably the smoothest I've ever seen on a 3D RTS, even  Homeworld. The interface is also quite well thought out, and a step forward  over other 3D RTS's, particularly the ease of camera movement.Other than  that, the game is a dog. Sorry, fanboys, but I have to call it like I see  it. Gameplay is a real snoozer: Tons of dicking around and not much combat.  Everything is just deliberately slow--aircraft move as slowly as infantry  on foot, et cetera. If you are looking for fast, furious, exciting  gameplay, this is not the place to find it.The unit pathfinding is set  up in such a way that they all move one at a time so that they don't  obstruct each other. Thus, you'll move one unit, and if any others are in  its way they will all, agonizingly, move one at a time to new positions so  the mover can get through. In any movement of groups this problem is ten  times as bad. You'll watch in frustration as your units get ripped to  shreds while they stupidly maneuver into position before they start  returning fire.No real story is going on here; there are no characters  and nothing happens inside of a mission to alter the plot. There are some  vague cutscenes between the missions, but they're so irrelevant that you  could have just played the missions and made up your own story to string  them together.Overall, I regret having bought the game. I can't  recommend it unless you're compelled to get an RTS fix.
I sadly remember the day when this game was released.  I had waited long enough, and finally I had the game in my hands.  I remember being so excited until about 1 hour into the game.  It was then that I realized that  this game was terrible.The graphics were nice, and the cut scenes were  above average.  The voices sounded good, and the combat was a little fast,  but adequate.But I wasn't having fun.  I realized that the game was  pretty deep, and dwelling deeper into the game's cool storyline would  require more of the bad AI, terrible - I mean HORRIBLE combat system, and  scrappy mouse driven interface.  I couldn't take it anymore.  I wished I  could just watch the game instead of play it, then I would of been  happy.I did what I had to do, and finally uninstalled it.  I thought of  all the money I spent, and went to find another game.  What a tradgedy that  a game with that much potential had to be ruined by an obvious rushed  product.  If your a gamer who likes fast action and addicting gameplay,  then go buy Icewind Dale or Diablo 2, not this game.
I am a huge fan of vampire fiction in any form and also enjoy a good RPG.  So I was ecstatic when I heard about Vampire being translated from the pen-and-paper sources to the computer.  And Vampire is an amazing looking  game that I really wanted to like.  Unfortunately some bad design choices  and poor features prevented it from happening.I'll start with the good  points.  The graphics are stunningly amazing.  The animation of the  characters is fluid and weapons are superbly done.  The lighting greatly  enhances the dark and sinister atmosphere.  I kept going in many places  because I wanted to see what area I would visit next.  The camera control  is also very smooth and easy to manipulate with the mouse.  The gameplay is  actually fun for the first bit of the game while you are adventuring by  yourself and with one other party member.  The source material and the  manual add a lot to this game.  Wandering around towns and seeing people  milling about made it feel alive.  And it was always oh so fun to feed upon  someone to refill your blood level.The RPG system is also great.  There  are several positive and detrimenatl traits for the characters.  A certain  level of blood must be maintained to use the disciplines (spells/skills)  and to keep your character from succombing to frenzy.  Experience points  can be distributed among such traits as strength, dexterity, intelligence,  willpower and several others.  Very nicely done indeed.Here is where I  have to get in to the demerits of this game.  First off, the voice acting  is not very good; but it's not the worst I've heard either.  And the  sequences of dialogue are long and boring.  The characters simply stand in  place and wave their hands about.  NPC interaction is left to a few  choices which really have little baring on the outcome of the game.  Nothing as rich and detailed as Planescape: Torment.The combat, while  fun and reminiscent of Diablo, only keeps its spark for the first part of  the game.  Most of it consists of clicking on an enemy and waiting until  you've hit them enough times for them to die.  A big flaw that becomes  noticable during the first few levels is that the enemies wait until you  are in range before they attack.  They will simply stand idle as you  slaughter others in the same room!  As the game progresses you will gain  party members, and will bemoan similarly incompetant AI.  I equipped one  with a bow and laughed in disbelief as he continuously fired in to a wall  when he should have moved a couple steps to the side before doing so.  Also, you can control the other members of your party in combat, but the  main character will stop fighting while you are doing so!  Aaahhhh!  Add to  this that you can go through entire areas and clean up with little to no  problem, but then come across certain areas that will be nigh impossible to  pass.  Both enemies and your fellow party members will get hung up on  walls, doors and other obstacles in the room.And here we come to the  worst sin of the game, the save system.  Saving is automatically handled  when you transition between levels are areas.  The only other way to save  is to be in your haven or safe area.  One can get there by using the Walk  the Abyss discipline (aka spell/skill).  But it takes a while before you  have one of these in a given area.  So we are left hacking our way back  through areas and levels already completed.  I found myself abusing the  autosave feature by running back and forth between levels to save.  But  what if more than one person is playing the game as is the case on my  computer?  It's pretty much tough luck.  This is a computer game, not a  console.  The game should have been balanced so that players could save  anywhere at anytime.The multiplayer sounds enticing with the ability for  one person to take control of the NPCs and monsters.  But if the gameplay  is similar to the single-player then I can't see it being much  better.With great graphics, a rich source material and so much  potential.  It makes me sad to not be able to like this game.  This takes  me back to Revenant, another game with a lot of potential but came up  flacid.  Maybe the patches will fix the problems, I certainly hope so.  But  much has to be done for the AI to make this game worthy.
How many times do we have to tell game designers that game saves are an integral part of any game. Game designers, this is a PC game you're designing and not a console game.  Let's start with the bad points as Im  sure all the readers would like to read first. The game committed the most  sinful act of not providing a save game feature accessible anytime and  anywhere in the game. You could only save the game when it loads a new  scene or level. I was in a dungeon for 2 hours (real-time), dying, and I  couldnt save the game because you have to walk out of the dungeon to make  the game reload the level and save your points. This is crazy! This is an  RPG we're playing here. I mean, Final Fantasy III (console game) had built  in save points in the dungeons. Why cant a PC game like this have one? This  is a real turn-off. Next is the interface. I still have to figure out how  to properly move the character. It's so hard to control the camera as you  move the character in the game. The view pans out then suddenly pans in.  The game tried to make its interface unique and it ended up making the game  more complex. Graphics are good. Nice colors, voice acting was ok. You need  a good sized system though to run this game like a PIII 600 and 32mb video  card. Story: well, this game completely ignored the pen and paper version  with too many battles in it. I beat the game in 30 hours. So there really  isnt much there to expect. Will you buy this game? I say, dont buy it until  they patch the game with a save feature. If you're after a RPG, then look  somewhere else.
I recieved my pre ordered copy of STV Elite force today and I have already played through the game. I will share some of my impressions with you.The story is fairly entertaining, though the gameplay doesn't let you do anything but exactly what you are supposed to. You cannot just wander around the ship and explore except for a few rooms at a time. The level of detail missing is fairly disappointing.The enemies nearly always shoot for you, even when there are other crew members in your team.The enemies are very stupid and easy to kill most of the time.The maps leave no room for error in navigation. You are directed to the next phase of the map because that is the only way you can go. This gets old after a while.Some of the exits from the rooms are frustratingly hard to figure out, which is not only boring in my opinion, but also takes away from the enjoyment of the game by drawing out the mission unnecessarily.The weapons are ok, pretty standard first person shooter fare.Some of the voices are badly done. Seven of Nine's voice especially. It doesn't even sound like the actor that plays her in the TV show most of the time. I have my doubts she did the voice for the game.If you have played Soldier of Fortune, also by Activision, this game will not be all that exciting. The characters in the game move exactly like they do in SOF. Dying Borg do that silly spinning fall just like the guys in SOF did. They could have at least done some animation work that was original in this game.Neelix is way too tall and looks dumb.The levels and savegames are frustratingly slow to load. A loading image comes up in the lower left hand side of the screen and just doesn't seem to go very fast (I'm running a P3 500 with 128mb of Ram and a 32mb video card in case you wondered).The scenes in between the gameplay are pretty well done but tend to be drawn out and uninformative at times.All things considered this is a 'just ok' game. If you have played SOF you will find this fairly similar and not quite as fun probably. If you haven't played SOF then you should, and not this because SOF is more fun. If you are a Trekkie looking for some interaction (though basic and very juvenille) you will find some here and thus probably like this game just from the fantasy aspect. If you just like killing computer conrolled enemies and are looking for a fairly mindless shooting game this is your baby.Two stars because, like I said, this is Soldier of Fortune in space.
This is a semi-decent game. It will keep your attention for about 2 hours. Basically you play the Federation, Klingon, Borg or Romulans. You control ship production and deployment. Of course there is mining and resource  management. For the most part this is basically Star Craft with Star Trek  ships. The graphics are mediocre and the AI is horrible. The AI doesnt  re-build once you destroy the enemy bases.  I would wait on this game until  it goes into the sale bin (and it will head there fast). This could have  been a really promising game, the ship designs and attributes are ok-and I  like the feature of being able to transport troops onto enemy ships and  then take it over. Aside from that, there really isnt anything special  about this game.Thumbs down!
I was unimpressed with this game. The races are too similar to each other. The ships within each race do not differ much except in size. Mouse control is painfully sluggish. Space is two-dimensional - ...Resource collection is uncreative. Several ship classes are missing, such as the Intrepids. Only 8 ships can be selected at a time. Whether I played the Borg or the Federation, I got the feeling that I was just building the same things with different graphics in a [copy] of Starcraft.Generally, a rather half-hearted effort at a real-time strategy game. It's not bad, really, it's just that there are much better games out there. Like Armada II.
this game is too old to work on todays OS's. After many attempts with dos-box and other emulation software I gave up.I did however get it to start...once....but it locked up and pixelated, then crashed with a fatal error.
Do not even assume for a moment that Star Trek: Armada has any resemblance to Relic's Homeworld, the two are about as closely related as Woody Allen is to Arnold Schwarzengger. First off, it has the longest install process  of any game I have ever played, and I have a 48x CD-ROM drive. Second, the  interface is monstrous, even though it looks elegant and simple. While  positioning ships is easy, (and it should be since they only move in 2  dimensions), there is no real sense of scale, plus they have a tendency to  `bump' into objects like space stations and other ships. Secondly, the  instant they see an enemy ship, any vessel you control within weapons'  range automatically opens fire, taking interaction down a notch. Also  unlike Homeworld the user cannot assign formations to his ships, making  dispersement messy.When the game starts the user is treated to a  rather nicely rendered opening scene with lots of fleet action between  Federation, Klingon, Romulan and Borg vessels that culminates on an all-out  run on Borg Cubes. (Though one wonders how Picard can face down Locutus  since they are the same guy. Did the Borg clone Picard?) Unfortunately, the  game doesn't deliver anywhere near the excitement generated by a 3 minute  opening segue. At the title screen you have a choice to play a series of  missions as either the Federation, Klingon, Romulan and Borg and they all  must be played before arriving at the finale mission. Overall, the game  seems to have been slapped together to capitalize on the franchise, lacking  both the quality and substance that LucasArts has put into their Star Wars  line of games. Armada lacks the epic scope of similar games like Homeworld  or even Starcraft. If you changed the space scapes to ground and the  starships to Zerg or Protoss units, Armada would be Starcraft, except not  as much fun.Armada prolongs the Star Trek game curse when it should  have shattered it. The prospect of moving a fleet of Defiant and Sovereign  class starships around the screen should have been an easy game to create.  Perhaps if Activision had optioned the Homeworld engine for Armada, things  would have been different. However, on the upside, the rendered starships  do look nice, as does the 3D lighting for all of the effects shots. Getting  Patrick Stewart, Michael Dorn, and Denise Crosby to do voices will probably  get die-hard Trek fans to purchase the game to feed their pirana-like  frenzy for franchise merchandise, but style should never win out over  substance in a game like this. There is very little meat to this game.Do yourself a favor, power up your warp engines and get away from this  title, as fast as you can.
Hey I'm a bit of a Trekkie, but this games is something of a (terrible) dissapointment.  Is it just me, or are a lot of people trying to make money utilizing the magnificent star trek universe? Don't waste your money on this :(
this game is awufal. it has loads of bugs, and gets slow towards the end of it. There are very few units also. I have had it for 3 days, and i am already board. Also the AI is really bad. I need to play on the hardest  setting, and it is still easy. If you want a better game for less price,  then buy Starcraft.
Oh! come on this game isnt that easy. It is so hard. This game has too many confusing puzzels. If you looking for something Really fun try something a little easier.
I really never understood the craze of this game. If you can get past ryu's ki blasts thdn he uppercuts you and starts shooting at you again. If you manage to make it to bison he stands on your head over and over until you die. Same with chun li. If you can get past sagats flying discs then he uppercuts you. If you try to attack guile he does his knee saber thing. Balrog gets you in a corner and stuns you with each hit and blocking still lowers your health, but attacking makes you get hit and die. The game at medium difficulty abuses the meta knowledge it has where if you punch and it punches, the favor is in the games timing and details so much that you are the one that gets hit. Plainly, the game is not fun due to a a computer tgat absurdly measures everything to its advantage to where every time you attack the game has measured and counter attacks flawlessly like a kid playing a master at chess. I hold my own in fighting games and am well versed in them, but the meta knowledge kills this game for me. # star because i honestly dont enjoy this game anymore. As a kid with nosalgia maybe, buy now as an adult, no.
This and every other Street Fighter game ever made is overrated garbage.I can't believe how much people used to like this game.I've always hated Street Fighter.I think it was because I have always been a diehard Mortal Kombat fan,and since Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter have always been,and always will be rivals,I have,and will always,side with Mortal Kombat.MK had everything that this game did not.SF had dull cartoon-looking characters,while MK's characters were digitized and looked very realistic.SF was also more for kids,while MK blew everybody away with it's over-the-top violence and buckets of blood n gore.The gameplay was also so much better in MK as well,compared to SF II.Overall,If you want a REAL fighting game for your Genesis,get the Mortal Kombat games,and don't bother wasting your time and money on this or any other Street Fighter game for that matter.
I know what you'e thinkin'!!  I love Street Fighter 2, especially the Champion Edition because it super cool, fun, and has the outstanding graphics for its time, great selectable characters, and fluent controls.  Thats good and all for Super NES releases, but what was Sega thinking when releasing this game on the Genesis?  Read carefully because there are two major things I find wrong with the release on this console.1. The buttons are limited.  I know that the Genesis has three main buttons other than start, but a standard fighting game has six buttons (HK, MK, LK, HP, MP, LP), not three!!  I don't know if this game is programmed for Genesis' new six button controller, but in order to use punch and kick buttons, you have to switch it up by pressing start, but that sucks the fun out of the game when you are trying to use a combination of moves to make it possible to defeat your opponent.2. THERE'S NO PAUSE BUTTON!!!  In order to make a button to switch up from punches to kicks and vice versa, they made it for the start button!!Theres absolutely no excuse for a 16-bit game to not have a pause button!If you dare to play this game on the Genesis, make sure you have no interruptions: go to the bathroom before playing, make sure your parents don't need anything for two hours, and leave a message on your answering machine that says "I'm playing Street Fighter 2 on the Genesis that has no pause button, leave a message after the beep.  BEEP!"What a rip off!  If you want to play the same classic game with the same graphics, but with more working control buttons and a pause button, get it for Super NES.
This game, while a decent port from the PS version as far as a port goes, is very frustrating.  First it's difficult to learn and play, and the graphics sometimes makes gameplay even more difficult.  (BTW, it's not really scary.)  The most annoying thing for PC gamers is you can't save the game at any point.  Instead there are only a limited number of occasions where you can save your progress.  The novelty factor is no longer than as there was with the original RE (which was not as novel as the truly original Alone in the Dark).
This game is horrible.  At the release of the movie I thought it would be fun to play the game series, then go see the flick.  I heard friends rave about this game, so I purchased it and couldn't get myself through the first ten minutes.  The camera angle is annoying, the controls clumsy, the gameplay corny.  The graphics left this veteran gamer with a sour taste.  However, if you like zombies and don't mind its serious flaws, give this one a try.  Maybe you'll feel better about it than I did.
The game idea was good, but the running and loading lock up the computer or slows it to a crawl.
There should be a very easy setting. The game is much too difficult for me which makes it unplayable.
Max Payne has been in development for approximately 4 years, and it took all that time to publish a [...] game that doesn't include a multiplayer mode, very, very few cut scenes, and one boring character who has the constant look of constipation or a reaction to "stinky feet" on his face 100% of the time, it's really very annoying.The whole game revolves around "Bullet time," a nifty idea that is great when it's simply another feature in a game, but to have the entire game built around it is simply boring.Max Payne consists of running into a dark room, shooting everybody, then moving on to the next room, wash, rinse and repeat, over and over and over.On top of that you get to read incredibly corny, "John Woo" style (whatever that is) dialogue (read: bad cliches) and cinematic flair.The story revolves around you finding your wife and child shot by someone and you go out for revenge as a renegade cop of sorts and uncover a large conspiracy.  The characters are completely uninteresting, look much too similar, and the comic book style text which breaks things up are as boring and dull as an episode of NYPD Blue.Max Payne should've (been cheaper) for the game itself is only about 10 or so hours long, has little to-no extras, and limited replayability.Shooting people in slow motion simply isn't enough to knock my socks off I guess.
Okay, the game isn't horribly bad.  It ran fine on my computer.  No problems with instal or starting or anything like that.  Default controls are weird but changeable.  My major drawback to this game was what was the point?  The graphic novel would have been interesteting if it was something you get at the comic shop.  I feel cheated by lack of movies.  The novel could have been made into movies and lasted a little longer.  It was short.  The weapons were cool but the bullet-time, should just have stayed in the Matrix.  The graphics were great but for a first-person shooter the game was not all that good.  When its in the [price] bin, get it.  But other than that save your money.
I really did not think i would like this game. But, it is both challenging and fun. This is unlike any other game i have ever played. Worth buying most definetly.
I just finished MP, and it only took me a day and a half. Judging from other comments on Amazon I'm not the only person to have finished the game in such a short time. The graphics are a real mix. The cool particle engine shines as a stunning example of what we can look forward to in the next generation of game engines, but the scenery and background art looks brown and dull throughout the entire game - think Quake2 without the aliens and you're not far off.The game's one &quot;gimmick&quot; of a slo-motion play mode is fun for the first couple of hours, then just gets boring. I wish they had spent more time on producing a story (it has every cheesy cliche in the book, and is presented by a dull expressionless monotone narration).The game was so gripping that I just had to go and fill in my yearly tax return instead. Don't buy the hype.. buy a decent game instead.
One main gimmick (the bullet-time feature) and some decent graphics. That's all this overrated game really offers. And not only is it a 1.5 trick pony, but it's a very short one, too...you can finish it the same day you receive it.Suffice it to say Max Payne is just poor value all round. It's obvious most of the reviewers here either don't have the game or reviewed it while still in their 10-hour honeymoon with it. It's incredible how much a couple of days can sober one's opinion of this lackluster game. My two cents? Save your money and don't bother till it hits the bargain bin.
This might be a great game, but I may never know.  In spite of having a P3 with 640MB of RAM and a 64MB Graphics card, this game has crashed (frozen) my Windows ME system three times in a row, as I've tried to &quot;play&quot; the tutorial.  I've been trying to download a patch all day, and the miserable connection speed eventually degrades to nothing, and then restarts (thankfully where it left off).  If it ever downloads and installs, perhaps it will resolve my freezes, but not so far.
While this is a terrific game concept with some nice features, it is far more work than play. The core of the game is a standard 4X space empire builder, with colony management, a complex tech tree, tactical space and  ground combat, espionage, and diplomacy. But there is no centralized  display of colony status. A building must be supplied with both power and  workers in order to operate, and if it doesn't have enough of either, it  will simply shut down and the game gives you no warning or announcements.  You are forced to pause the game every few months and personally inspect  every single colony to discover these problems. But the tech system is even  worse, and has not been improved from IG1. There are three types of tech,  and so you have to have three types of labs. But you can only research one  invention at a time, so while you're developing a new hyperdrive in your  ship labs, your ground unit and colony facility labs are sitting idle,  sucking up your colony's power and workers. If you can't afford that waste,  and most of the time you can't, you have to once again personally remember  where you placed each one of up to 30 labs, go to the colony display for  each planet on which you have a lab, and turn the idle ones off, one at a  time. If you decide to develop a new building next, you have to go around  and turn off all the ship labs and turn all the building labs on again. And  I don't have room here to go into the game's futile diplomacy system, or  the sluggish screen redraw, or the constant nagging interruptions by  messages regarding random events and spies demanding orders. No offense to  the other reviewers here, but only a hardcore strategy addict with a fetish  for micromanagement could enjoy this game. I returned it four days after I  bought it.
I heard terrific things about Giants: Citizen Kabuto and was sadly disappointed when I finally purchased and played it for myself.  The most obvious annoyance was the lack of an in game save option.  I just don't have patience to play the same mission over and over.  And over.  If you believe patience is a virtue, you can develop it playing this game.  As for me, I couldn't even stand to finish it.
The graphics are smooth and intense.  The controls, even though initially confusing, are pretty good.  I've gotten pretty far in this game as well (8 out of 10 levels completed) after playing many, many hours on this  game.Sound good, right?  Wrong!  The difficulty of the Dreamcast version  is terrible.  I had been in the console/computer game business a while  back, and one of the main flaws I noticed is that computer game developers  are hardcore gamers, developing games for hardcore gamers.  This is a  classic example. ...Given enough time, many  people could pass this game.  However, there are limits.  After all, it's  just a game, and should only take a maximum 100 hours to complete. This is  well beyond the 100 hours.Unless you live and breathe video games and  you find ninety-nine percent of all games too easy, stick to another game.  I cannot stress this enough!  It is nearly impossible to complete for any  normal person!
This game is the typical &quot;grab headlines and not deliver&quot; that I'm coming to expect from Lucasarts. This is an RTS 2 years behind in Technology. I've never understood how the Empire couldn't have a  battlefield mapped, yet the &quot;ZERO FIELD OF VISION&quot; persists in  this game. The controls are twitchy, and the graphics are can't even  compete with lower class RTS games like Metal Fatigue. I bought the game  b/c I'm a fan, but I'd rather spend my time reading the novels than play  this poorly done amateurish shrink wrapped goop.
The Good:For the first time, command Star Wars Imperial and Rebellion units in real time.  The sound is truly the most excellent part of the game; the unit sounds are fantastic, and the metal-ized version of the  Imperial Theme is a nice touch.  Graphics are a bit dated, but I feel  they've done a good job with what they had, using a dated 3D engine.The  Bad:The main menu and the user interface for controlling your force  looks extremely tacked-on in a last-minute fashion, and should have been  done much better.  The interface makes controlling units a chore.  This is  a common deficiency in recent LucasArts games, though.  The 3D perspective  takes time to master, and until you do master it, you'll lose alot.  This  combined with the interface reduces you to alot of micromanagement, which  can get problematic.The worst aspect of the game is how resources are  derived.  The game works on a system of &quot;command points&quot;, whereby  you are rewared with the capability to purchase more resources when you are  succesful in combat.  This sounds like it might have been innovative, but  in this implementation what happens both in the single player and  multiplayer game is that the player (or computer) who wins early skirmishes  gets access to greater numbers of units and advancements, thus quickly  overwhelming their opponent.  This condition, where the outcome is decided  from the start and you've virtually no way to recover from an early falter,  causes frustration and represents to me poor design.If you are an  absolute freak about Star Wars, you might enjoy this game because you'll be  able to re-enact the battle of Hoth and other scenarios.  If however you  want an excellent real-time strategy game, try Starcraft or Age of Empires  II.  If you want strategy in 3D, Homeworld is also an excellent bet.
This would have been a great game except for the actual user interface. What a mess! Unless you are a 5th dimensional being with 20 eyes, you got lost while trying to manage the games meandering views. Locking onto troops in order to give them orders is a tortuous exercise.I gave up after two hours and uninstalled this programming mistake. This is another LA game that does'nt live up to it's promise.
I am a true Star Wars fan and I collect everything and love all the movies but this was definatley not an enjoyable game.  Sadley the gameplay did not come natural, so there was a learning curve.  The graphics were behind the times and character movement was horribloe.  I even often found AT-ST getting stuck up against a wall and unmoveable - a total frustrating moment.  Yes this is Star Wars and yes it is great on that respect.  However compare it to any RTS that came out a few years prior to it and you would be still dissapointed.  I'm sure Lucasarts will try again soon, hopefully...
This version of Risk I thought was an overall bad idea because it just played of the original.  furthermore,  the original RISK 1 disk was more than good enough in every department.  The company who released this video game was just trying to "update" the game in which didn't needed to be updated.  bad job over all
Although this game has different playability than Risk 1 and good graphics, it is the cheatenist game I've ever played, it is nigh impossible to win these games, except only occasionally, and by then you are too worn out from trying to win to enjoy it.I would not bother with it, stick with Risk 1, the original.I'm an old risk player from way back, I used to play the board game with my brother in law many years ago, and I have the pc version of original Risk,and even though that game cheats as do all computer games, it's not near half as bad as risk 2.
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!! This was a HUGE waste of money. The gameplay was horrible. The way you control pac man is with a sling shot. He gets mad when you don't do something fast enough it's mpossible do stuff with the sling shot. you have to move stuff for him with the sling shot. seriuosly? how dumb. i ended up reterning it because it was so bad. Save you money and buy yourself the good old original pacman game.
Wow. There isn't much to say about this game other than simply "Wow". Sarcastically mind you.Let me take you back to video game arcades in the 1980's. Namco developed a little game called "Pac-Man" that featured a 6/8 yellow circle that had an insatiable appetite for dots that may or may not have a specific flavor. Unfortunately there were four ghosts who weren't too happy about this Pac-Man eating all these dots so they would try their hardest to stop Pac-Man at all costs. However some of those dots, seemingly grown using some type of growth enhancer, endowed Pac-Man with an unusual power to totally eat the ghosts! Every now and then, someone would throw some fruit or a random food onto the play field for Pac-Man to devour, providing him with the ability to expand his palette a little.This is the game that became a world-wide phenomenon. This is the game that created a character that is universally recognized as an icon representing all that is great about the hey-day of classic gaming! This great sprite known as Pac-Man leads the pack in the annals of classic gaming, showing one and all where our Xbox 360 and PS3 came from.Knowing that, Namco still had the audacity to lower Pac-Man to this sorry state? To portray Pac-Man not as an iconic leader of the classic gaming era, but rather as some overly emotional twit at the mercy of your slingshot?The entire object of the game is to eventually beat down some creature made entirely out of gum. That's fine and all, but the game engine doesn't support the appropriate controls for combat of this nature let alone the simple and obvious fact that the missions really don't relate enough to put two and two together to get to a climatic battle with the gum monster. The missions just seem totally random in purpose; and this doesn't account for the fact that simply completing the main game missions only adds up to just under 50% of the entire completion rating for the game. Seeing as how annoying this game is, I can't see any reason to try to complete 100% of the game.The gameplay is somewhat autonomous in the sense that the game basically does whatever it wants until you sling a rock anywhere on the screen. Pac-Man moves in a direction continually until either something attacks him or you hit him with either a rock or a Super Pac-Ball or he just decides he doesn't like you anymore. The engine is based on Pac-Man's emotions. If you keep Pac-Man happy, he'll do whatever it is you want him to do and this is usually the only way to ensure that you complete any of the game's missions because if you make Pac-Man angry, he'll ignore your commands and ignore objects in the environment that you'll need to have to complete missions.The only real way to interact with Pac-Man to make sure he does what you want him to do is to shoot at stuff in the environment. You can make him eat foods like apples and hot dogs, you'll have to shoot at things to get them to drop from trees or to keep things from hitting Pac-Man, you'll need to shoot doors of stores (surprisingly the glass on the doors doesn't break) to make Pac-Man go in, and what's more, you'll have to shoot Super Pac-Balls at him to make him turn into Super Pac-Man so that he'll attack the ghosts when they appear.Speaking of that, another annoying aspect of the game is the ghost encounters. Essentially you'll need to fight the ghosts off so that Pac-Man will stop sniveling like a little wimp. You can't shoot at them with your normal rocks, you'll have to shoot a Super Pac-Ball at Pac-Man to turn him into Super Pac-Man. Once this happens, again, you have absolutely no control over Pac-Man. The game just makes him fly back and forth across the current screen until the time runs out and he attacks anything that resembles a ghost. This lack of control just becomes down-right annoying. It's basically a "Day in the Life of Pac-Man Simulator".Sometimes I get bored with trying to figure out what I'm supposed to do and just shoot at Pac-Man until he gets really mad and gets attacked by a cat near the hot dog stand. That's more fun then actually trying to finish the game, which if you did you wasted your time like I did.Then there are these stages where you have to guide Pac-Man while he's flying a hang glider or riding in a mine cart. Now these aren't that bad because there aren't too many of them but there's one mine cart ride in particular that really just blew me away with its difficulty. The game goes from being totally cryptic to virtually unbeatable in under twenty seconds and the worst part is you have no choice but to continue through the mine shaft. It took me, quite literally, two hours to get though this shaft and the reward at the end wasn't even hardly the beginning of anything satisfying because it lead to the backyard of Pac-Man's house.I really don't know what Namco was thinking with this game and honestly I don't want to know. While they did present some very original ideas to gameplay, what they got was something far from satisfying, not to mention they defamed Pac-Man's reputation. This game is no where even close to a start of becoming anything like the game that made Pac-Man famous. The game is definitely not worth the buy and should be avoided at all costs unless you're missing a piece in your SNES collection.
ok first off NO dot-matrix gameboy title is ever worth $400.00 This outdated game was bad then, and worse now. Get your Metroid fix withMetroid Prime Huntersthe instead... for about $20 bucks!
This is my least favorite game in the franchise. (Pinball does not count.) The lack of a map and annoying Chozo Ruins music severely limit the enjoyment. HOWEVER, I do reccommend playing the 1st area of this game and then playing the AM2R demo. You will not believe the difference. I can't wait for AM2R. GOD BLESS MILTON GUASTI!!!!!!!!!!
Take everything wrong with Mega Man 1 and 2 on the NES and you get this. Your fired shots travel WAY TOO SLOW on the Game Boy, and these stages, especially the Fortress and Space Station at the end of the game, are NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE! Plus if you lose in either you have to start over, and that means if you die at the end of the Fortress, at the hands of a Robot Leader, you have to fight the whole way back to them, and any you beat must be beaten again.ROBOT LEADERS WAVE ONE: Elec Man, Cut Man, Fire Man, Ice ManFORTRESS ROBOT LEADERS: Bubble Man, Flash Man, Heat Man, Quick Man, and ?This ain't no masterpiece and is for Mega Man die-hards only.
Early levels are easy but watch out when you do the hard ones - the AI is BRUTALIf you want to play the original that started it all, this might be for you, but if you just wanted one of the Mario Kart series, look for the DS version or the one on Wii.
I keep trying to force myself to play this thing because all  I read are rave reviews for it...but I'm not feeling it.  First off half of the sound effects are downright ANNOYING (that crying baby Mario makes me reach for the power button every time...couldn't they have thought of something else???).  Then there are the controls, which I find much less intuitive than other Mario games--even the way Yoshi jumps is off...it's way too slow.  Even if I look past those issues, I still don't find myself having fun while playing this game.  Where's the fun??
I have never heard of this game but am a big mario fan so i bougt it. unfortunately it did not work but the seller was glad to refund me the full price and i didnt have to return the game.
This is one of the worst RPG's ever in existance. Besides being easy, it also has an unoriginal plot and crap graphics. I think the Atari 2600's system is more advanced than this game. I mean, what's an RPG without scantly clad women? This RPG has none, except for a princess who is as clothed as a fememist is. And Mallow and Geno are loaded with fail, and I don't see why people want them in Smash Brothers, which is a crap game as well. The plot tries to be all original by not centering on Bowser kidnapping and raping Peach, who is called Toadstool for whatever reason, but on some character named Smithy who is trying to take over the world by getting stars. Whatever. And the battle system is awful as well. I mean, timed hits?For a good Mario game, play Mario is Missing!, Mario's Time Machine, or the CDI classic, Hotel Mario. If you want a good RPG, for the SNES, play Dungeon Master of Final Fantasy Mystic Quest.
Best game ever, but I wanted to long to test it and couldn't return it. My game didn't work.
Like i said i do not like RPGs and especially this one. I have it because of course its mario and im willing to try any mario. It takes so long to beat it because the RPG and it gets on ur nerves when u cant beat a boss or enemy and u have to restart and beat them. At the begining it has some cheesey video of what happend to peach. It took me forever to beat it and as soon as i did i felt much better and it did not seem as much as a dumb game. The graphics r ur ordinary snes graphics and the sound is not as good as most snes games. I dont like it because its an RPG but the only reason i keep it is because it adds to the collection and my little cousin loves to play it.
I am just as aware as anyone that people do not base their opinions of popular videogames on intelligent scripting, intelligent plot, intelligent substance, and intelligent thinking, so no one has to remind me.  If they did, this "Colony Wars" never would've left a single draft.First of all, I too respect the abilities of developers of Psygnosis as much as anybody, and I would like to describe that respect, but I feel I have to say my piece about this game and come to my point.There isn't a single idea in this game that isn't founded on generic thinking, the thievery of other games, and on movie cliche's.  There isn't one single idea based in science fiction, unlike its other competitor, "Darklight Conflict," the true hero here, a little-known and original game released by Electronic Arts (EA) before "Colony Wars" was conceived.  "Darklight Conflict" was a space-shooter, and the gameplay idea for "Colony Wars" merely replicated that game.Here's the story of "Colony Wars": "You are a militant fighter pilot in space on the side of the rebel alliance who is trying to force the evil Emporer to his senses by shooting up his armies," or so says the narrational voice of an actor that sounds exactly just like James Earl Jones (the voice of Darth Vader) during the full-motion videos (FMVs) which were made by the same company who did special effects for "Independence Day."  Sounds like a direct, word-for-word copy of the plot of "Star Wars."Here're the ideas of "Colony Wars": Large firey explosions even if they don't really exist in space because fire needs oxygen to exist and space has no atmosphere.  Black holes even if they don't exist as large red whirlpools in the middle of space backgrounds because their gravity is so intense, light cannot escape.  Spaceships even though they don't have wings like planes because there is no atmospheric friction to enable control using aero parts.  Also, they don't make loud rumbling noises when they pass by the camera lense because sound needs atmosphere.  Here, you get a future of imperialistic humans warring over the colonization and liquidation of the rest of the planetary systems in the universe for purposes of natural resources.  The mission and battle drill instruction voice is male, but it is okay for a female to narrate if limited to talking about other subjects like the options menus.  "Space cowboys" does not make science fiction, only unoriginal action games captivating non-thinkers.Here's the story of EA's "Darklight Conflict":  You are a Top Gun pilot in the middle of a dogfight when suddenly a beam of light surrounds you.  When you awake, you are in a completely foreign environment.  You realize your arms and legs have been replaced with some kind of tentacles that are biologically grafted to what appears as the console of a space vehicle.  A voice speaks in English to you, but it is not the voice of any human.  You have been inducted into the army of an alien race in the midst of interplanetary war to help defend their losing side, which is why they recruited you with your expert fighter pilot experience.  Their vessels are signified by a symbol, a four-fingered hand.  At first, you will begin with training.  The small fighterships are oval, with fins protruding from what could be their sides.  The weaponry is a variety involving weird plasma cannons.  Your ship uses an electromagnetic field to shield itself, but it consumes a great deal of energy.  You venture through the wormhole warps, and should carefully avoid the radiation waves that usurp your vessel energy during the travel.Even the name "Darklight Conflict" is science fiction.  I could connect some of the premise of the game with the old sci-fi film "This Island Earth", but not much of its premise.  In that movie, a group of scientists are helping an alien race that appear about human, so the scientists don't find out they're aliens immediately.  When they do, the aliens take them to their planet and the alien commander tells them their planet is being overrun by another planet's race, and they recruited Earth's best scientists to come up with new and advanced technology to help them survive the invasion.  Their enemies soon destroy the planet, but the ship has enough energy to return the scientists to Earth.  After their safe return, the aliens drive their ship into the sea, never to be heard from again.But, who remembers stuff like that?
I don't get the appeal of the Wipeout games. They're terrible. Wipeout 3 and XL are no different. The music is good enough (for a bunch of techno beats... yeah, I'm not a techno fan) and the graphics are slick and futuristic-looking, but the actual racing part has one BIG problem: you keep hitting the side of the track as you go around a turn and for some reason that means you have to make a complete stop. It wouldn't be so bad if you just slowed down, but the fact that your vehicle stops *immediately* is the worst thing ever.How are you supposed to enjoy a racing game if you keep hitting the side of the track and STOPPING every couple seconds? There's so many turns in any one of the races, that the problem is unavoidable. I don't understand when people say you need skill to enjoy these racing games. If I can't increase speed, then what ELSE is there to enjoy? If the appeal lies in playing each race over and over so you can memorize the track to avoid hitting the side, then count me out. Doing that would be WAY too tedious of a task. You need a lot of space to freely drive around or else a racing game won't work.Sure, I can go around shooting other vehicles, but who cares about that when I can't ever catch up to them. Too many sharp turns in the Wipeout series make it difficult to build up speed. Right when I think I've got a good race going, I hit the side and my car stops and there goes the momentum. What a way to kill the fun.Buy if you want a slap of crap.
I purchased a brand new factory sealed Sega Genesis 3 over 8-months ago. It is very light weight and compact compared to the earlier versions. However, in decreasing size and weight Sega has also diminished the quality.I was very excited when I first recieved the Sega Genesis 3 console. Unfortunely this excitement quickly faded. After plugging in the controllers to the connection port over 3-dozen times, the ports began to pull away from the exterior casing and pushing inward where you could not even plug in the controller anymore.On top of this the controller ports are fastened to the power switch circuit board which also pulled back with the ports, causing the power switch to become inoperative. After removing the casing and leaving it off permanetly, I was then able to plug the controllers into the exposed ports and use the system correctly.Obviously this is not the way you want to use or care for your BRAND NEW system. Now that circuit boards are exposed they are susceptible to far more complications with dust and possible component detachment.Could this issue have been a once-in-a-million fluke? Sure, but after spending over $75.00 for the brand new Sega Genesis 3, I will not take a chance at purchasing another, due to the fact that it does feel rather fragile and flimsy. I would recommend the Sega Gensis 2 over this model or even take my chances with the newOfficially Licensed Sega Genesis Gen Core System w/ 20 Sega Games Built-in & Cartridge Slot.
No matter how good you are at this game, nothing can prepare you for the lame cheap fest your in for.  I beat this game countless times but it never stops pissing me off that the enemies are so cheap, the game is so unfair and how they use the screen layout to their advantage.  Half the time no matter what you do you can't move because your getting gang raped and your sword magically goes through enemies running past you preparing for the gang rape, then your screwed.  I love games that are challenging, but not insanely hard just because of crippled controls and cheapness.  Fun for a little while, but the cheapness is too much.
Remember the moment in the movie Jurassic park when Dr. Grant raced across the plains of the jungle on the back of a galimums while shooting his machine gun at attacking helicopters? How about when he trecked through ancient aztec ruins while shooting flame thrower equiped janitors? And don't forget the time he ran around on a cargo ship while blowing up floors and engines with his arsenal of grenades.What? You don't recall those action packed moments? Neither do I, but that's what's presented in the sega genesis game "Jurassic park: Rampage edition."Jurassic park rampage edition (JPRE) takes an alternate, more action paced look at the classic story of dinosaurs gone amok on a jungle island. Where in the books and the movies Grant was a quiet paleontologist who just wanted to dig up ancient bones in the desert, here he's become a super military commando who makes Rambo look like Ronald McDonald. Where in the movie and books Grant was focused on getting off the island without becoming dinosaur food, here he's shooting everyone and everything in sight...which isn't necessarily a bad thing, due to the fact that everyone and everything on the island is out to kill him.It should be said up front right now. JPRE is the most unintentionally silliest games i've ever played. All the little factors add up to create an experience that is so silly and so dorky in all it's aspects that one can't help but chuckle when you look back on the experience.Where to begin? Well, let's start with the other humans. For some reason, Jurassic park is populated with thousands of soliders and janitors, both who are equipped with military weapons and are, for some reason, out to kill you. No matter where you go, you'll find dozens of soldiers and janitors shooting at you and chucking grenades in your direction (Luckily, Grant can survive multiple grenade hits, so it's not too much of a problem). It's a mystery why these guys are out to kill you when there's no logical reason to it. Furthermore, they seemed to have made an alliance with the local dinosaurs because they never attack them, and the dinosaurs never attack them as well. It seems that poor Grant is under the crosshairs of every single living thing on the island.Every stage you go through in the game (with the exception of Grant's final level) is packed to the brim with a riddiculous number of soldiers, janitors, raptors, compys, spitters, and even a triceratops or two. How do you deal with these threats? Here's a hint. You run. You run your stubbly little legs as fast as you can. While the whole point of JPRE is to be an action packed game where you shoot every living thing in sight, it's simply much more efficent to just run and jump your way to the exit (with this method, you can finish the game in about twenty minutes).If you want, you can go through the game and try to kill everything with your enormous arsenal of weapons (more on those later), it's simply not really worth the effort. For one thing, you'll probably get hit a lot trying to inflict damage on your enemies. Trying to kill raptors is a pain in the butt due to faulty hit detection. A raptor (or two) will jump next to you and start bitting and whacking away with thier tails as you frantically fire your shotgun over and over again trying to hit them, yet they take no damage. So you leap away and start firing, and finally kill them after several shots. As a result of not being able to hit them at point blank range, you've lost 3/4th of your health and a lot of ammo has been wasted. When attacking kamikazie soldiers and janitors, it's very common to have several grenades chucked in your direction before you even get a shot off. Result? Loose health before you even take out one guy.And let's not even talk about the wackiest enemy in the game. Attack helicopters! Yes, that's right. When going through the savanna level, Grant is constantly being assaulted by attack helicopters that fire rockets at him! When I saw one coming onto the scren for the first time, I had to pause the game because I was laughing too much to keep going. Here I was, just trying to get across that blasted savanna, being attacked by grenade chucking soldiers and machine gun equipped janitors, and here i'm being attacked by an attack helicopter?! What kind of psycho island is this?! Thankfully, these helicopters can be driven away by shooting...of all things...tranquilizer darts into them. Whee!Fortunitly, to counter the threat of attack helicopters and flame-thrower equipped janitors, you have an enormous arsenal of military grade weapons at your disposal.  No longer satisfied with gas grenades and puny tranquilizer pistols (from the original Jurassic park game on the Sega genesis), Grant has an arsenal of death dealing weaponry, ranging from shotguns to machine guns, to rockets and death dealing grenades.  All of these get the job done, but the greatest satisfaction comes from using the greatest weapon in the history of video games:  The electric gun (or as I call it, the zappy gun).  This amazingly fun weapon doesn't just kill bad guys, it disintigrates them!  Simply fire the gun, watch the bolt of electricity go out, and when it hits the janitor, he'll go "Ogh!", briefly turn into a skeleton, and vanish into thin air.  It sounds brutal, but it's absoloutly hilarious to watch! (and let's face it, disintigrating an incredibly annoying enemey is tremendously satisfying!).  As an added bonus, it also does the disentigration effect on dinosaurs as well!If one wants to have lots of gunning and running action while shooting dinosaurs, then you'll certianlly get it while playing this game.  Going through each level pits you against literally hundreds of soliders and dinosaurs, so much so that at times it's easy to get overwhelmed.  Fortunitly, the game does include a desperatly needed checkpoint system (which was missing in the first genesis game).  This is the kind of game that you can play two ways.  You can run and try to survive to get to the end, or you can take your time and kill everything you come across, so you do get a bit of freedom when it comes to how you play.But even with all the guns, the sillyness of the game, and even the checkpoints...JPRE just isn't much fun to play.  As I said earlier, it's fairly easy to be overwhelmed by enemies in some levels, but the game eventually just boils down to "run and shoot" or just "run".  There are items you collect for points, but those points don't do anything.At it's core, JPRE is a simple, run around and shoot em up shooter.  It has good graphics, some nice music (I do like the jazz/rock theme), but whether you like it or not is really up to personal taste.  If you like mindless action games with guns...lots of guns...then you might like this.  With many emulators on the internet, why not try downloading it and giving it a try?  You just might find yourself getting a laugh or two messing around with those crazy janitors.
Back in 1993 Sega released a dull, lackluster video game of one of the biggest films of all time. Quickly realizing their mistake they hashed out a different version of the game, claiming it would be bigger, tougher and better.It isn't. It's a slow, boring game.You can choose to be either Dr. Alan Grant or...a Raptor. Both have their problems. Why would Dr. Grant go around killing all those army guys (just what are they doing in the game)? And why a Raptor be killing other Raptors? Weird.Obviously not learning from their first mistake Sega really dropped the ball on this so-called Rampage Edition. One of the slowest, sluggish and dullest platformers I have ever played.
What happens when you take away Sonic's speed? You get Sonic Labyrinth!This game is more of a puzzle-platformer than an Fast-Paced Platformer. Which is why this game gets a 2 STAR RATING!
It's honestly hard to believe this game was released in 1995. It's the same year that brought us Vectorman, Rayman, Windows 95 and its games, and lots more stuff (Movies like Toy Story!). But why Sonic has to step into the ring with Sonic Labyrinth on the Game Gear is beyond me. Yes, folks. Even Classic Sonic had skeletons in his closet, and this is one of them.So apparently, Sonic happens to be wearing super-slow shoes built by none other than Dr. Robotnik. But the question is: Why? Why does Sega have to offer us a game that could have been the Game Gear equivalent for Sonic 3D Blast, and remove Sonic's trademark speed? And to have to utilize a stupid storyline to go with it (Robotnik waits outside Sonic's HOUSE while he's sleeping, and gives a speech about his "evil" plan)? This would've been MUCH more fun if Sonic was Sonic. Granted, he still has the Spin Dash, but you'll have to be using that every single time if you want to go somewhere. It gets annoying really.On top of all that, the music (for once) is terrible and forgettable, and while the graphics are decent, they won't be able to make up for the utter mess Sonic Labyrinth has to offer. Stick with any other Sonic game. Sonic Labyrinth is not worth the money.
I don't know what came upon Sega when they made this so-called "game" (I normally refer to it as digital vomit). When you hear Sonic, you normally think "Oh yeah, that faster-then-sound hedgehog who founded gaming with super-fast paced action!". Sonic Labyrinth is not any of that. Instead of the "super-fast paced action" you get a slow and tedious maze to explore on a time limit (and not the 10 minutes you get in the normal games). When I say slow I don't mean long or boring, I mean Sonic moves slower then Mario, and that is saying something. It wasn't an accidental bug or hardware issues either. It was meant to be. If you don't mind watching your favorite hedgehog crawl around the areas, you will probably mind the other diasters. Music? Makes Atari 2600 numbers sound good. Graphics? Makes Pong look incredible. Gameplay? I would rather play Mario's Time Machine for a week then this for 60 seconds.Don't buy this, you'll never see Sonic the same way again. In fact, close this page and don't look into Labyrinth any farther.
The gameplay of this game is pretty good.  Original, combining the commands and jobs and weapons of Final Fantasy with the turn-based grid-pattern gameplay of Dungeons and Dragons.  It was way too slow, though, and in an age where a gamer will rap out half an hour of play and then save before heading to school/ college/job, hour-long tactical battles just suck.  Especially when you lose most time and have to do them over and over again.  But overall, it'd be a good game.If I could stand to look at it.In this modern era of bump-mapping and CG animations that look real, as in REAL, a game where 'my green dot is beating the heck out of your purple square' just doesn't do the trick for me.  Especially when their purple square always strangles the living snot out of my green dot.  No way.  I'd be willing to bet that the graphics on the GBA are gonna look better than for the PS.So, I played it for three hours and then gave up.  I had an entire row of PS2 generation RPSs to suck up my attention, such as FFX and its sequel.  Which might not have the same old grueling fight system, but I can actually tell that Yuna is a girl, not a green dot with brown lines on her head.
To get the bad out of the way, this game is slow, tedious, and &quot;tactics&quot; simply is not a good way to describe it. There is very little tactical combat involved. Moves happen immediately as soon as you choose an action. There are no attacks that change the position of enemies, so a very large amount of the game is luck regarding the position of your enemies to allow you to cast wide-range spells that will annihilate everything. Adding to the bad is the downright broken leveling system. Essentially it works like this: Perform an action, get experience and job points. Regardless of what action you perform. This ends up making you enter a random battle, killing all except one enemy, and throwing rocks at each other for an hour until you all have leveled up obscenely, and can essentially learn any skill now. Not very fun. The story is also pretty pathetic, the translation makes the game very difficult to understand, and the story itself doesn't stand out among other RPGs. Personally, I don't care for the whole medieval politics setup, but it might please some. The good? There are a whole lot of skills and classes to learn and be, and the idea of being able to equip TWO job skills at once makes for some pre-battle strategy. For instance, you can choose to have a hybrid black and white mage, or a knight and a monk, or a summoner and a gunman. It's a nice little touch. The soundtrack is also pretty decent orchestral stuff that can be catchy at times. Nonetheless, the whole experience gets very old after a while. The battles are not very diverse, you just unload your skills on everyone time and time again, the graphics are annoying and the camera can be frustrating, and overall, it just isn't very fun. Get Disgaea: Hour of Darkness for the PS2 instead, which does EVERYTHING much better, is deeper and more stylish, and much more strategy-oriented.
I sometimes wonder how people would react to this game if it did not have the Final Fantasy franchise name attached to it.I can recommend two better tactical srpg games before you make this purchase:  Vandal Hearts for psx and Shining Force 2 for the Genesis or Wii Virtual Console(I would go the latter since genesis and snes games have issues with the save battery due to age) or if endless grinding is your thing then Disgea series is another good recommendation.Not that this game is bad but I wanted the one star rating to get everyone's attention and let them know they have better options when its comes to srpgs.
I never did get to far playing this game. I just don't get the hang of it. So I quit this game soon after I started. I like a game I can get somewhere with. I guess I didn't understand what it was all about when I bought it. Somebody else might do alright with it, but not me.
After the disappointment of FF XII, was curious what makes that producer so well known and could mess up a frachise like this. So went back to the roots and try Final Fantasy Tactics. I think there are really some people who enjoy frustrations in games and think that this is the only way to consider a game fun. Final Fantasy Tactics is annoying, frustrating and unrewarding. I don't know what's wrong with people who think that this is a great game. You think you can spend time to level up the characters to make the story battles easier? You are completely wrong. I'm stuck in a boss battle that after a 100 hours of level up you thought you have characters 30 levels higher than the enemies, you should be ok? You are wrong. The boss is so strong that despite you are 30 levels higher than them, it can wipe out your whole party in one go - despite all of them are 30 levels higher and have the best equipment on them at that point of the game. What's the point? I think I'll give up the Final Fantasy frachise for good now if the next game is by the same producer. It's not worth it at all. For people who think this kind of game challenging and fun, I think I'd rather not be a gamer anymore. If I can, I want to give -5 stars to this game.
who is giving this good reviews? This has to be the worst RPG on PS1. Interestingly, Sony initially believed that JRPGs wouldnt sell well in the west, and they released japanese games only if they were action/ arcade games. This was the first JRPG released, and it was something of a surprise "hit". Its strong sales showed that there was a ready western market for JRPGs and led to the later high profile releases of classic rpgs such as final fantasy 7 and breath of fire 4.Like many PS1 owners at that time, I eagerly anticipated this game, hoping for an epic experience similar to final fantasy 6 on the SNES, but with incredible PSX graphics lol. Instead I got this horrible rubbish. Its completely generic with no personality whatsoever and includes every RPG cliche there is. Its extremely easy, with extremely simple mechanics, and also very long and tedious with endless dull battles.
Lots and LOTS of random battles, dumb characters, dumb gameplay, graphics that would look bad on the SNES (except for the constant battles). I played this when there were no other RPGs on the Playstation and I had the flu. With so many great RPGs out now, there is no reason for this game. Actually, there was no reason for it in the first place. I'm an RPG nut, but this one is just plain bad.
I was given this game by a friend who didn't want it anymore.  Now I see why he was so quick to just give it away.  This game is the worst of all RPG's.  Weak story, repetitive gameplay, bad music, and graphics that make me wonder whether this is a Playstation game or a GameBoy Color game.  Stay away from this at all costs.  You'll see it selling for about $2.99 at some ebgames stores.  The price is that low for a reason.
A JUMPS AND B ATTACKS? THAT MIGHT WORK ON THE NES, BUT NOT ON THE SNES. ON THE SNES IN MOST PLATFORMERS, B JUMPS AND Y ATTACKS. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS STANDARD PRETTY MUCH DESTROYED THIS GAME. THERE'S NOT EVEN A CONFIGURATION MODE TO FIX THE CONTROL PROBLEM. ALSO, GRAPHICS ARE UNIMPROVED OVER THE NES! WHY!? The game's not all bad though. Passwords allow you to continue from the level you left off on, which is a major convenience. Because of that alone getting this is better than getting the NES titles separately.
This is a Mortal Kombat clone, with huge amounts of blood, and two fatalities for each competitor. The only difference with this game is that all of the fighters are pre-historic! Two apes, a big dinosaur, a fire breathing legendary dinosaur, a raptor and much more. The gameplay is much like Street Fighter 2, and the gameplay is very slow, because you are fighting as dinosaurs! Another interesting feature is that for those who like to use the same move over and over again, the game laughs at you. Pretty cheap game, rent it before you buy it.
(...) Primal rage is a game about seven dino-gods who are set free from their prisons when a disaster strikes &quot;Urth&quot; in the near future. The player's goal is to defeat the other dino-gods, conquer their lands, gain the most number of worshippers and end up ruling the new urth. The concept sounds okay, but the game which follows the story is not really.When you turn on the game and arrive at the title screen, you may think the background bird sounds are cool. But go to the player select screen and from there it's all downhill. The sound and music quality is more like that of a Sega Genesis game. Then there are weird scratching noises at times, and a horrible &quot;continue screen&quot; music that will make you drop the controller and run for an asprin! The graphics are slightly easier to handle. The seven monsters are reasonable, especially the t-rex duo Sauron and Diablo. Sometimes however you may find yourself trying to identify which is the head and tail in the middle of the action. The backgroung visuals are also decent. But the fatalities...are terrible. They are nowhere near the quality of Mortal Kombat. It's hard to actually figure out what they are doing in some.Then there are the special moves. Some of them are okay (like Diablo's &quot;hot foot&quot;), and some of them are not (like Chaos's &quot;farts&quot; and &quot;puke&quot;). Talk about weirdness. The character Vertigo is ridiculous. A dinosaur with the head of a cobra and the tail of a scorpion? Some special moves are hard to identify as what they're supposed to be. The controls aren't quite what you'd want. The characters are poor at jumping, and even slow and clumsy on ground. It's sometimes hard to identify if the move they are performing is a special move or just a normal one. Oh, I said something of the sort above, didn't I?So if you want a Genesis quality game for your SNES (you're nuts), then you can buy this. But what's the point? The SNES has much more eye-candy and easier to control fighting games out there. This is one of the least appealing SNES fighting games I've played. If you want some mindless button-mashing with no real depth and unrealistic amounts of gore, this game is for you. Incase you don't realise the difference in quality right away, play this first and then play Street Fighter II Turbo, Mortal Kombat or even TMNT: Tournament Fighters. You soon will.
I guess the people who like this game are kids, because this game was seriously not fun and was a boring stale platformer. There is really no fun to be pulled out of this mess and is basically devoid of clear objectives, interesting challenges, good gameplay, or a noticeable storyline. The graphics and character designs look great along with the environments along with some enemy designs. Unfortunately, all I found myself doing was collecting health, killing wierd and stupid enemies, and wondering what the hell I was supposed to be doing in this stupid game because apparently the developer did not make your objectives clear by some decision or another. So you'll find yourself wandering a lot and trying to do a task all over again. This game is simply a chore and a nightmare to play. If you want to buy a good licensed game on a Disney movie, go buy the far better Aladdin game for SNES or Genesis.
It was with great mourning that I retired my Gravis Xterminator, and now I feel like crying a river and pursuing some means of electronic resurrection or wizardry to bring it back... I was looking for a controller (whether gamepad or joystick) that took advantage of USB technology and provided proportional control for driving/racing sims as well as flight sims like X-Wing Alliance and the new Crimson Skies. I looked around and decided on the Dual Strike, seeing that it had some decent reviews and, if I took the time to get past the 1.5 hour learning curve for its radical design, I'd have an awesome controller on my hands that would let me do darn near anything.Frankly, I was disappointed every step of the way. Unlike my old Gravis, the Dual Strike's &quot;schemes&quot; (where you control the function of the programmable buttons) have to be loaded seperately under the Game Controller every time you decide to play a different game--the Gravis automatically adapted, recognizing the programs loading up.When I began to use the buttons, I realized how poorly they were actually placed. All to often, trying to press one button, I'd wind up pressing another at the same time. The &lt;A&gt; button (top button on right side of controller) is almost completely inaccessable, and futzing around with the shift-key during the middle of a firefight is downright dangerous. The triggers where your index fingers rest are a nice attempt to provide what other controllers easily offer, but fail in that they activate during rough moves when you least want them to, and you forget they're there when you most need them because they just feel like a solid part of the Dual Strike's shell.The proportional control (the swivelling part on the right) does take a while to get used to, and once you do, it's a truly innovative idea when it comes to FPSs. Great idea, offering a lot of flexibility and control. Unfortunately, the &quot;center&quot; position is without any form of guidance in the form of internal resistance. You've got to futz around until your character finally stops moving to know when you've found it, nothing intuitive about it at all. This was especially problematic when I tried to use the controller for Need for Speed: High Stakes and X-Wing Alliance. Frankly, there's too much going on in sim environs, and a greater requirement for an auto-centering proportional control, than that which the Dual Strike provides.There are better pads out there... You're paying a mid-range price for a high-tech gimmick on a pad with below-average performance. I'm inclined to give the pad only 1-star, because I was really looking for something to help me out on the sims, but to be fair it ranks about a 3 when it comes to FPSs, but they really have to figure out how gamers use the buttons to make this a decent FPS pad.
The Dual Strike is an older controller and not supported by Microsoft anymore but I knew that when I bought it. Still, it was cheap and I was desperately searching for something other than my keyboard and mouse with which to play my computer games.  The biggest problem I found with the Dual Strike is that it isn't supported by any of the more recent games currently out there and the configuration app that comes with it doesn't work(at least not on Win 7).  I did end up purchasing a nice little program called "X-Padder" which allows you to configure and/or rearrange any button on your keyboard and mouse to your keyboard or mouse or any other controller device you may have hooked up.  X-padder made configuring the Dual Strike to any game I liked very easy(It also helps configure my mouse and keyboard to games that don't really support in depth key bindings).  So, now I have the dual strike and a means to configure it to my games. My next issue was that I couldn't get use to the funky way Dual strike works.  I think its a controller people end up loving to death or hating. Perhaps if I practiced more with it Id like it better.
Many magazines have been giving this item rave reviews, but I can't understand why.  Sure the design is elegant and innovative, but it makes  games almost impossible to play unless you are in absolute darkness.  The  glare from this light is just plain ridiculous, and the only way to  decrease it is to bend the light to one side, which decreases the amount of  light on the screen.  There has GOT to be a better way to light up your  gameboy, and let me tell you, this is NOT it.
I bought my kids each one of these at Christmas, so that they could play with their Gameboys in the car when the light was low. Waste of time and money.The light isn't very powerful, doesn't illuminate much of the  screen, and seems to suck the batteries dry much sooner. The glare makes my  eyes  hurt, and I can't imagine it's good for my kids either. We don't use  them any more. Don't bother.
Yes,it may look neat and attractive,but trust me,it is not worth it! The glare from the light covers the entire screen ofmy GBC and makes game play impossible. And,if you try to cooperate with it,it just gives you a big headache. I guess playing in the dark is just not a good idea for now,
I applaud the creators for their effort, which we all know was immense. I'm sure they put an insane amount of time and effort into this game, and they did manage to create some immersion. However, I did not care for the puzzles, and didn't feel inspired to go on. Video games work on a simple "reward" system. The level of difficulty should yield an equal reward. Otherwise, what's the point? Well I found with Myst that I was forced to accomplish and re-accomplish extremely large and time consuming tasks with little to no reward.In one "age", if u choose a wrong switch you have to go somewhere else and re-charge a battery, and to re-charge the battery you have to pump water and this whole time you're running back and fourth and back and fourth. I LOVE complex puzzles, but what I HATE is when they are spaced far apart and you have to keep running from A to B over and over, performing trial and error. I wasn't really motivated by the story, if there was one, and the bit of acting in the game was silly. The ages were completely devoid of humanity, making the "journey" depressing. Oh did I mention "secret hotspots"? Yeah if you can't figure out what to do next it's because you haven't found the secret hotspot. Also the navigation is so confusing that you completely miss pathways. This is because when the curser says right or left, it sometimes actually means it's going to turn you 180 degrees. That's fine but when all the scenery looks similar, you don't know you you just turned to the right, or 180 degrees. It's a nightmare.One reviewer said their 10yr old son liked the game. Yeah right. He just thought it was fun to play on the computer. Trust me, he wasn't actually playing the game. Most intelligent adults that i've asked about this game felt that it nearly drove them mad and they got pretty angry at the game. Not because they were not smart enough, but because the game really tests your patience and most of all- doesn't give you adequate rewards for your efforts. Sometimes when you step in an elevator the door automatically closes. Then, another time, you learn that you have to close the door yourself. I don't feel like I'm playing a game, I feel like I'm just learning how the game creators try to stump us. I will not be playing Riven, or anything else by these people. Which is truly sad because the graphics in Riven look amazing. If they spent less time on complexity and size, and put more work in the story, and the drive, it could have been worth my while. I had more fun playing Aura, even with the nausea-inducing 3D nagivation. Syberia remains the champion.
This game by any standards is violent. But that's about all that I can say. Sure you can hit a guy in any of the 29 anatomical hit areas programmed into the game. Sure, it's fun to watch a  guy holding a stub of  his foot after you blew it away with a shotgun. But how many of these  images would you really like to see for the next 4 hours until you finally  realize this is just what this game was all about. Nothing else. Graphics:  Nice OpenGL. Might cause some problems with GeForce 256 cards. Interface:  in game save. easy to use multiplayer options. Gameplay: regular shoot-em  up. very formulaic: shoot, blood, run. Do this for 4 hours and you'll  finish the game. Weapons ballistics are not that real. Believe me... I  know. AI: can be intimidating sometimes. Look before you walk into any  area. Story: weak, bad guy wants to blow up world. Overall: You'll get  tired of this game. If you want a good multiplayer experience though, get  this game.
Pokemon were cool, yes, there was a time when the great empire of little cuddly creature took America by storm. All 150 (as the new one's don't matter a bit) were great and were a lot of fun to see in the game. Then the franchise went down hill shelling out nothing that could be considered nothing more than drivel. I know this may be a lot for a person of any age who loves pokemon to swallow. But, the franchise is old and is nothing anymore but a waste of money. When, I first got this game I will not lie a bit, I was impressed it was a very fun game and I enjoyed owning it and being able to take pictures of various pokemon. When I finished the game though I was horribly disappointed. There were nowhere near the amount of Pokemon in the game I expected and the game really left little to the imagination (can you believe that, a pokemon game, that leaves little to the imagination?) I wish I could rate this game higher and maybe if there were no alternative it may have rated higher, but there are better games out there and I'm sorry but, I wasted my money on this game.
I throughly did not like this game at all. Unless you enjoy being on a set track and taking pictures of pokemon with a limited amount of film and giving them food or bombing them or playing music for them and taking more pictures. Then this game is not for you.
This game really sucks! I rented it once for five days and I played it for one day and then I beat it! It was so stupid. It is worse than mario party 3! If you are a first time game player, don't get this game. If you have been playing Games for 50 years,  don't get this game. This is the worst game ever.
This game was an extremely easy game that you can beat in 15 minutes. All you do is take pictures of dumb Pokemon. Then when you beat the game you have to try to beat the computers impossible scores. THAT'S IT, DO NOT BUY
If I could pick the most boring, esiest game in the world,I would pick this one. All you do is z+a=a picture. Throughout the levels you get things like bait and stuff, but unless your a serous camera fan, this game should be reccomended to no one.
Don't get this game. It is not worth the money. Ok.. you can print the picture out but then you have to buy the pokemon snap card and it costs about $5 and it is just not worth the money. And it is to short. No plot, no challange, might as well go through your photo album, it would be more entertaining
I'm rather baffled by all the positive reviews for this game.  I bought it a couple months ago after reading all the good reviews and thinking this game must be a shining gem that has withstood the test of time.  Well, now I'm rethinking that assumption... No doubt many people will disagree with me, but on with the review!Graphics (6/10): Sigh. Everything is pixelated. I'm not sure whether the graphics for this game were considered good when the game was released or not. On the bright side, the character designs are good as well as the towns.  The dungeons are another matter, but more on that later.Music (6/10): I still can't figure out why people claim this game has a great soundtrack.  I've even heard people claim that Grandia's music is some of their most favorite of all time.  I wonder if Grandia is the only RPG they've ever played?  Anyway, the majority of the tracks weren't too bad. Unfortuneately, I remember some pretty bad ones.  There's one jungle where the "music" seems to only be ambient jungle wildlife sounds, which got annoying after the 50th bird call.  Unlike others, I found the Gumbo song to be one of the most annoying village themes ever.  It's okay right at first, but then starts to grate on your nerves the longer you stay in the village.  One more thing-the voice acting deserves mention.  It's bad.  I rank it as the worst voiceing I've ever heard in a game.  It sounds like they literally pulled people off the street and offered them $10 to read off some lines. Terrible.Characters (7/10): The characters are interesting at first, until you realize that everyone's the same.  All possess the same plucky, happy-go-lucky adventurer personality.  I have nothing against light-hearted games, but everyone really did seem to have the exact same personality; there was just no balance to the party.  Speaking of party, there was a high rate of people joining and then permanently leaving, this (or something else?) really meant that no one really got any siginificant character development.  Most everyone had no back story of interest (or at all) and were not well developed.Story (5/10): Here's where Grandia really starts to "sag in the saddle", so to speak.  The first 1/4 of the game and the last 1/4 are interesting and engaging.  I really enjoyed the start in Parm; rummaging through people's houses, reading Justin's diary for some amusing stories, and laughing at the way any alcoholic references were changed to "coffee".  Man, those were good times.  Unfortunately, it all goes downhill from there.  The middle of the game becomes a neverending series of filler events.  The first couple "villages in need" or "musty old ruins to explore" didn't bother me at all, but after that, I started to feel like I was stuck on the wheel of karma or something.  It just got really repetitive, until I just knew the next village I came to would have to be saved by me from some disaster.  Well, what I refer to as the "main" story picked about the last quarter of the game, but it wasn't nearly original or interesting enough to make up for the huge amount of filler crap in the middle.  By then, only my sheer will power kept me playing to the end.Battle System (8/10): Nothing really wrong with the battle system.  It's a variant of turn-based, with a small bar in the corner indicating who will go next.  While the bar does let you see when you're characters will go, I didn't really find it all that useful.  What keeps this section from a perfect score is the abilities-and how you level them up.  Using them over and over again strengthens your magic, but not how you'd expect. SPEED increases, not strength.  I found this very frustrating and pointless. The speed doesn't really increase enough to make much difference- and leveling spells takes forever.Gameplay (4/10): Was the rotating camera really necessary? I've played games with rotating camera angles (like Xenogears) that worked just fine, but in this game it doesn't.  The problem lies in dungeon navigation. If the graphics had been better, or if there had been better dungeon design, perhaps navigation wouldn't be so confusing.  It's really hard to tell where you are because the dungeon design is so bland and repetitive; there are usually no landmarks with which to navigate, with the result that I actually wound up back at the entrance thinking it was the exit. On another note, something else that bothered me was the fact that even by the end of the game, you couldn't really return to much of anywhere you had been previously.  I kept expecting be able to return to Parm eventually, but no such luck.*NOTE: This part's an extremely important part--the game is glitchy.  It would freeze randomly, forcing me to reset and start over.  The cds themselves were in good condition with almost no scratches of any kind, and I've heard this same complaint before, which leads me to believe the glitches are a flaw of the game design.  This is a huge turnoff--this added in extra frustration to an already boring game. This flaw knocks points off the score.Overall (4/10): Note this score is not an average, it's my subjective overall score.  I must say, given the flaws of this game, I'd never play it again. It's too bad really, it could've been a decent game if the makers had cut out the middle of the "plot" and fixed the glitches.  I really wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless they absolutely have played every other good RPG out there and are just dying for something else to play.  Even then, it may be better to just replay an old favorite instead.
Strange how some people regard Grandia as the best Saturn RPG and one of the best on the PlayStation. While Grandia possesses some interesting qualities, it is completely dismantled by a series of devastating flaws that cripple the game. This review will be formulaic, but it will get the point across.The graphical engine was very good. 2D characters and 3D environments that can be rotated at will. I like nuances, and Grandia possesses many. I like knocking over teapots and making clotheslines as I walk into them. The spell effects were boring, however, and the FMV, while technically good at the time, just wasn't exciting.The music is overwrought and almost silly. The main themes seem bombastic and pretentious, as if the game is saying, &quot;Come look at me, I'm important!&quot; The compositions are impressive musically, but they feel emotionally hollow. There is one song, a piano &amp; violin duet, which I loved. It was completely gorgeous. I also liked how the combat music changed as the game continued. RPGs often frustrate me by giving me the same combat music through the entire 40 hour game.In Grandia, using specific kinds of magic or weapons makes you more skilled in that capacity. Naive gamers have said that Grandia's character growth system is innovative and interesting. It is not innovative, in my mind, and not interesting. Such systems have been done in 8-bit Final Fantasy games and reams of Japanese RPG with lower profiles (the SaGa games come to mind). Also, because the game is so long, you'll probably learn every spell and weapon technique about 50% though the game. Since this removes any real incentive to engage in combat, all future battles are suffocating in how boring they are.The combat is boring. This is mainly because it is incredibly easy. I didn't spend extra time advancing my characters (I tried to finish the game ASAP, actually), so I definitely wasn't too strong. Still, not a single boss offered any form of challenge. Even the final boss felt like nothing more than a ponderous standard encounter. It seems evident to me that a game cannot be exciting when there is no threat...no sense of danger or challenge. This wouldn't be _that_ bad if the battles didn't take so long. So, you get thousands of long, boring, simple fights over the course of the game. The dungeons are amateur in design, and made about 10 times more dreadful because of the combat. There's also a gauge in combat that shows when when each character will take an action. However, this does not create any real strategy because all the characters move at different speeds, so it's just a funky gimmick.The story is not bad, but it is badly told. It uses about every hackneyed Japanese RPG element imaginable, but it doesn't remedy this problem with interesting characters or compelling twists. The translation is just dumb. Sony broke it down to simple diction and pure, fatuous juvenalia. The &quot;romantic&quot; relationship between Justin and Feena is basically insulting -- it has the maturity of an elementary school infatuation. Sue is an utterly pointless character, who's involvement in the story is simple arbitrary and ridiculous. What is the creature &quot;Puffy&quot;? The game never explains. I expected some kind of enigmatic quality to the creature, with a revelation disclosing all at some point (like Nall in Lunar). This never happens. It's stupid. The voice acting is hideous. Attemps at humor fall flat. Attempts at emotional expression are cringe-inducing.The game took me about 50 hours to beat (though I tend to be slower than some). In my mind, the game is about 35 hours too long. So, expect the &quot;meat&quot; of the story to be padded with superfluous side-quests packed with obnoxious combat and torturous dialogue. I like side-quests...when they are optional or purposeful. In this game, the side-quests are neither. Adventures in a ghost ship or on a mysterious prehistoric valley might sound fun on paper, but without important story revelations or fun gameplay, it's boring. Granted about 10 hours of the game is pretty interesting. But that's a mere 20% of the game. In school, that would be an 'F'...a FAILING grade.The game is just tedious. It's boring and insipid and hackneyed to death. I'm sure there will be many who say, &quot;Grandia rulez! you lie!&quot; and give me a &quot;not helpful&quot; vote. I didn't write this to please anybody...I wrote it because I think Grandia does not deserve the praise it receives. Heed my word, and perhaps you will save 50 hours of you life. That's a long time! 50 Law &amp; Order episodes! A genuinely good RPG! Think about it.
I am a DIE-HARD fan of 2 and also liked 1. When 3 came out I was with alot of fans in saying WTF is THIS!? It was weird jerky, shaky controls, horrible, and obviously rushed graphics, and they messed up all the stories. I feel so bad for Dave Jaffe to have to see his creation ground up, cheeze added and packaged with a brand name and sweettooth's face. 4 doesn't do much better, and yet has a few neat ideas added that make it not as awful and actually worth a bargain bin price.The story is not one of those ideas, although sweettooth in charge was a nice idea, his being a circus mastermind with evil clown minions was retarded and Totally throws him in a different direction then he was meant to be.The "Create-a-Car" was a single step in the right direction, although far too shallow, and MAKING you choose one of a handful of STUPID voices [warcries] to hear EVERY TIME you shoot your special will "MAKE YOU SHIVER WHEN I DELIVER" &lt;&lt;one of the warcries you must choose. Although you can make several character cars and then choose them as enemies in a challenge match, that's a plus since I'ld rather just kill them when I hear their warcry.Bringing back older characters as bosses [and later playable] was nice. SUPER Axel, Super Thumper, Super Slamm, and Super Auger[from TM3]. Axel was the most fun of the super characters for me.Another bad idea here, Captain Grimm? why is the grim reaper of motorcycles a pirate now? and not even a cool pirate, a cheezy amusement park pirate. well he wasn't MY favorite anyhow but I'm certain that was a deal breaker for all Mr.Grimm fans. Any fans of Rob Zombie would appreciate that he's brought his Dragula along and is actually a pretty good character.Another interesting twist is that With Sweettooth in charge, Calypso's pretty pissed, and therefore competing, in a Scud missile truck. his special is to fire a scud into the air and then you bring it back down in a reticle, and it looks a LOT more powerful then it is.I also want to mention the levels here in this one were better then 3. Of course nothing IN this game was better then the first 2, but in all Twisted Metal 4 proves to be a worthwhile car combat bargain bin game, but NOT a true Twisted metal Sequel. I gave it 4 fun stars becuase I was amazed how much I actually played it, it does have replay value to it, though $20 is still far too much for this.
Some good levels, some good cars. Mostly nothing special, though. If you want a good Twisted Metal game, look elsewhere in teh series. If you want a good vehicular destruction game, look to Vigilante 8 or, better still Interstate 76 or Interstate 82.
I couldn't get passed the first level it is like impossible. You have to like be a pro at the game or somethin
I try to do a trick on the undercover section,but is hard to do that,I try and try but I can't even pass the test.This game is not good,the graphic look horrible.yack!!
There are 5 levels in this game. On my first try I beat 4 levels. It is easy and short! You also can't save the game. If your, let's say, on level 4 and you lose all your lives. Then you have to start at the begining again. ( Kind of like Mario. ) This is the really bad thing. If you turn off your gameboy and turn it on again, you start at level 1 again. It is not fun to keep playing the same levels over and over. I would say this is for little kids that do not get frustiated easly. ( If there is any little kids like that. ) I say pass this up, Kirby fans, and try another game.
Early Castlevania games tended to be hit or miss affairs, and unfortunately this is . When I originally posted this review in 2003, I had made a concerted effort to create an honest review for the average player; I was (and still am) quite fond of the game. If I were to redo my rating scale, perhaps I'd score it slightly higher at three stars. All the same, I still feel that this game provides a low amount of fun given the intense challenge, and the rating is deserved given that overriding criteria.Doesn't the classic GB logo give it away? This is not the fantastic GameBoy Advance title Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow, nor is it Circle of the Moon or even Harmony of Dissonance.What this is might well be described as one of the slowest sidescrollers ever made (and that's without slowdown affecting the game). Made in 1989, this is one of the first titles in Konami's Game Boy lineup and it shows. The level one music (Battle of the Holy) is excellent and a personal favorite, but the aural experience is unfortunately quite limited afterward. I personally like many of the background details (whenever they show up, that is) such as the trees and graves seen at the game's beginning. Much later on the ability to use exploding eyeballs as dynamite to open up a hidden area (no joke!) is a great concept well executed.The whip Christopher uses in this game may be upgraded once for a chain whip, and once more for flinging fireballs...it's not quite an adequate replacement for the traditional Castlevania subweapons, but it does give you unlimited attacks at range.Christopher's slowness in this title (and its sequel) makes Simon Belmont's hunched back and slow gait appear like a semi barrelling down the road, whereas Christopher is perhaps the man trying to push a tractor trailer down the road. Suffice to say that he's very slow - hyperbole aside, he seems to move at roughly half the speed of Simon.The worst part of it would be the intensely difficult jumps found in large quantities. This is the textbook example of frustrating level design: Nearly every single jump must be done within an accuracy of a few pixels. While the most difficult jump in the game requires you time perfectly across two falling platforms-essentially three jumps-is thankfully optional (used to snag a 1-up extra life), since I can only manage it about once in twenty tries (an optimistic guess), the normal jumps are too close to this required accuracy for comfort. One long series of jumps has you going over about a dozen blocks in such a fashion; while there's solid ground below to fall down onto and the process of jumping may always be restarted it's easy to mess up here. A later and quite ugly level where you are chased by spikes for nearly the entire level (and one part consists of climbing upwards and jumping from rope to rope) has the same feel to it, as mistakes tend to get you killed quite often.There's more. One level starts you off by bats which of course you can't hit right away because while a Castlevania Axe could take them all out, you have no axe, only your whip. Getting through this section unscathed is more a matter of luck than skill.The end of the game, oddly enough, consists of the easiest Dracula fight since Castlevania 2 (where you could simply lay on the laurels for invincibility for the fight's duration). I won't give it away, but Dracula's second form is even more pathetic, in terms of an attack pattern, than the first (in either case, Dracula looks silly in this one). Given how hard this game is, though, it's probably not a bad thing to have some reprieve.Are there any more problems? Oh yes, the killer: Getting hit downgrades your weapon one notch, so you essentially play the whole game with the basic short leather whip.All that said, I do love this game, but it's not easily playable. It brings solid graphics to the GameBoy, but the gameplay...if it is solid, perhaps we would better say that you'll need a jackhammer to scratch the surface of this particular rock.It gets the second star only because some people consider all terribly difficult games to be a challenge and they might enjoy it somewhat. As I noted, there are some nice points later in the game...unfortunately, just as with the previous year's (1988) Castlevania arcade game (Haunted Castle), most mortals will never see many of its neat details.My recommendation is to pick up Castlevania 2: Belmont's Revenge instead. You have subweapons, less difficult jumps, a better soundtrack overall, and weapon downgrades have been checked significantly. Pick that one up if you're looking for classic GameBoy action!
I usualy like Castlevania games so when I heard of their was one on Gameboy I bought right away.  That was ... stupid.  But I'll start with it's good qualities.  It doesn't smell.  That's something, right?  Now the bad.  You walk REALLY REALLY slow.  You attack REALLY REALLY slow.  Everything else goes either as fast or faster than you.  When you jump accross platforms unless you jump at the very edge of you won't make it.  The music is just 6 seconds of sound repeated over and over and over and over...  Oh ya, and the graphics look like ....
No it isn't. This is a standard platformer with extremely sluggish control, no secondary weapons, and slow movement. Plus, your whip loses power each time an enemy hits you. This is a pain. The saving grace is that you can obtain a whip that shoots fireballs and the first stage has GREAT music. But that can't save the game. Even CastleVania fans should steer clear of this one.
I don't know about the other incarnations of Batman Returns, but the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis version is downright atrocious. The controls are stiff and slow, Batman himself moves at a snails pace and is frequently unable to move out of the way of oncoming enemies. The sound effects are awful and the combat system is very, very poor. Such a shame consideringBatmanwas so good. Even the music in this one disappoints in comparison to the brilliant tunes in the first game. The only positive thing I can mention about this waste of time and effort are the nice looking graphics which really evoke the gloomy, wintry feel of a frozen Gotham City. Otherwise, avoid!Graphics B-Sound DGameplay FLasting Appeal D-
The Batman Returns game on Nintendo is better than this one.  The Sega version is boring and the gameplay is not that good.
this is a good batman game..its  just a tad too difficult  LOL  the graphics are dark and gloomy  perfect for batman  but they lack the visual detail  of the movie  but a good job by sega :)  now the super nintendo's batman returns is a excellent game  which i still play to this day..the graphics are well done.. the music is from the movie..and had digitized scenes from the film.. the other batman game that is really done right is by sunsoft  ..:Batman the video game" from the 89 movie again for the genesis.. all in all if your a batman fan get all of these games..
I would say that video games don't come much simpler than this bore but the likes of Pong and Pac-Man, while less technically sophisticated are still better. Golden Axe 2 is such a chore to play with no fun or enjoyment injected into the proceedings whatsoever.Again, you can choose from barbarian Ax Battler, amazonian Tyris Flare or dwarf Gillius Thunderhead as you slowly plod your way through a generic as hell fantasy kingdom, hacking and slashing at conveyor belt enemies (who sometimes kill themselves out of sheer stupidity) before you get to the big guy in a suit of armour who has taken over the land because of his evilness or whatever nonsense.I often associate Golden Axe with Streets of Rage since the gameplay in the first games was very similar (I also bought them on the same day back in March 1993). But while the SOR series only got better and more sophisticated I am afraid that Golden Axe just got crapper. It tries to be the gaming equivalent of a big budget Conan movie but comes off as no more than a Roger Corman mini-series. You've never played a game so stripped down and bland as this.Graphics D+Sound D-Gameplay D-Lasting Appeal FPros:It's a lot like Golden AxeCons:It's a LOT like Golden AxeSound effects are no more than white noise.Baddies all look the same.No point system.Very, very little in the way of power ups.No combo moves.Collision detection is poor.Music is just ghastly.
Thought this would be a fun, Mario like game. Controls are award and half the buttons are useless. Also Is frustrating in that you can get stuck on a part of level by destroying the blocks you need to jump on. Then, you have to wait till you die or time runs out to retry. Buy an Snes instead with Mario and Zelda.
I used to love this game before he was caught brown handed in the 4 year old chocolate cookie jar. Typical of Michael to make sure he has a fun game for little boys! Looking at this game now it's so dirty. You have to run around saving little boys oh yeah girls to. Hmm. Michael didn't like girls but i bet he just didn't wanna look suspicious! Good by and good riddance!
A 'fun' arcade game it may well have been in it's day, but one cannot play Moonwalker today without feeling dirty or somewhat guilty. Based on the 'movie' of the same name, Moonwalker is just as weird, bizarre and outrageously self-glorifying as Wacko Jacko himself.You take on the role of a suspected pedo, dressed in a white gangster suit, who must rescue children (hidden in closets, drawers, garbage cans) from the evil Mr. Big. Upon being rescued these kids respond joyously with 'MICHAEL', knowing that they are now safe with the King of Pop. You need to rescue all the little sprogs in every level before you meet the end-level boss. But some children are too well hidden.And who IS this Mr. Big exactly. The Jacko of 1989 fighting against a child-napper, who's motives for stealing kids is unknown in the game, seems prophetic in a split-personality kind of way. Just like in Thriller where he played a ghoulish, inhuman beast, eerily foreshadowing the future.The gameplay itself is ludicrous. As you (moon)walk across the various levels (some generic, some inspired by his 'classic' music videos) you'll encounter baddies like gangsters and zombies and your amazing way of killing them is...dancing them do death. Seriously! It's not Jesus Juice, it's Jacko Jamming! You hit the special attack button and Jacko will suddenly yell 'OW!' before strutting his lethal stuff. After which, the baddies will be vanquished somehow. After playing this game you'll be exhilarated and mentally exhausted at Jacko's killer moves. You'll be reduced to a dribbling wreck. He's so good, that even passing-by animals will join in and shake their asses. If you ever wanted to play a game in which even an innocent dog is hypnotised by Jacko into dancing Thriller then this is for you. But I don't want to know you.The music is no more than low-quality samples of Smooth Criminal and Thriller, as you should know this music follows Jacko everywhere he goes in real life and will change depending on where he is.In the later levels, if you catch a falling star Jacko will turn into a huge robot. Of course. Like in the film, I just can't get over the feeling that Jacko only included this because he wants to see himself 100 feet high. It's ridiculous and has nothing to do with anything! But in a moronic, hopelessly out-dated video game I suppose it's okay. It was kind of easy to finish too and I never really played it again afterwards. But these days, it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and I can understand why no one would want to play it again.Graphics CSound CGameplay DLasting Appeal F
Ever since SOR 3 came out in 1994 I wanted it. I never actually managed to get my hands on it until last year as it went for insane prices on auction sites and was very, VERY hard to come by in video game stores. Luckily for me I was given it as a present from someone clearing out their attic. I couldn't wait to get home and play it. All I could think about was loads of hours of solid beat-em-up action and a return of those ultra-cool tunes by Yuzo Koshiro that made the first two games so memorable.As soon as I started to play I was shocked that Streets of Rage 3 is actually a really, really bad game that may be impressive in terms of graphics but in regards to music and gameplay is far, far behind even the first.First of all the game is just too damn hard. And you need to play  it in hard mode otherwise you won't be able to get past level 5. And this time we're given a little bit more story and cut-scenes between the game levels. If you're playing the American or European release of this game I'd just skip these as they do not make sense and there are holes everywhere. The Japanese version (Bare Knuckle 3) has a different plot entirely and looks and feels like the REAL Streets of Rage 3.In SOR 3 the story has Mr. X, in what limited capacity he now exists in, kidnap the Chief of Police and plant bombs all over city. He wants to replace high-ranking officials with evil robots. Or something! So, typically, the gang set about smashing the Syndicate AGAIN as their way of stopping him.However, in Bare Knuckle 3 the opening cut-scenes with the nuclear explosion show the destruction of a city called 'Wood Oak' that was the first victim of a radioactive bomb powered by the newly discovered element 122, Laxine. The victims are given as an estimated 30,000 dead and 80,000 injured.In a letter from Blaze to Axel she says that the Syndicate's laboratories seem to be involved in the research of Laxine and that a group in favor of a war with the country of Lima have captured the army general Petrov.Mr. X tries to start a nuclear war by replacing the anti-war U.S. General with Shiva before a speech at the White House. In SOR 3 'City Hall' looks suspiciously like the White House so I'm led to believe that the level was just recycled and renamed.In Bare Knuckle 3 you have to successfully prevent a devastating war by rescuing the general and the destruction in the city is just a slap in the face, while in SOR3 you basically have failed your task if you let the time run out (the General, now 'Chief of Police' is killed with poisonous gas). If you rescue the Chief in time you go straight to Mr.X's island lab, but if he dies you go to City Hall/White House.Second, Yuzo Koshiro's music is HORRIBLE. What happened? The first 2 games had awesome music that showed what the meager Sega Genesis was capable of. The man was truly a pioneer when it came to composing stunning music for simple machines. In SOR 3 there are no cool tunes at all. It's all pathetic, tepid Industrial junk that would sound rancid coming from an Atari. A MAJOR let-down considering how amazingStreets of Rage Twowas.SOR 3 also has deleted characters that feature only in the Japanese version. Namely the character of 'Ash' who looks very, very homosexual and resembles Bennett from Commando or one of The Village People. I guess the PC Powers That Be thought the Western World couldn't handle such obvious gayness. The dialogue is also censored and 'naughty' words are replaced with 'clean' words. Character names are also radically and inexplicably different.If you want this badly then the Japanese version is the ONLY way to go. Seriously, it's a complete disappointment otherwise. I'm not saying that the Japanese version is great, it's only slightly better.
Streets Of Rage 3. Oh boy. STREETS OF F  **  *  **G RAGE PART 3. You know Sega Of America just butchered this game for The US & European Megadrive owners. Sega took this gamesb  all  s away censoring the way some of the female gang members are dressed. They took out a funny sub boss. Even Segas  crew  e  d with the gameplay like when I run up to an enemy & hit a Grand Upper as Axel sometimes it doesn't hit. Oh & Axel doesn't say Grand Upper he says "BARE KNUCKLE" in 35 or 40 year tobacco chewer. There's a review I did on an older account where I was more positive that's before I got my hands on a copy of Bare Knuckle III the uncut Japanese version. The Japanese version plays better feels faster paced. The only reason that I could think that Sega would dumb the story down & censor stuff is cause around this time a group of Authoritarian Democrats had some hearings about violent video games that's the only reason I could think of why they would mess this game up so bad. These lawmakers wasted money during these hearings they went after poor Bill White of Sega I mean they just picked on this guy for no reason. Anyway Sega Of America was probably afraid that Big Bad Herbie Kohl would go after them. Oh btw no matter what party your Congressman or Woman, Senator or Governor are if they are an authoritarian try to get theira  *  * voted out. I'm sorry if I got too political but moving on I beat if you're reading this I bet you never expected to read a political rant with in a game rant. The story is stupid in The NTSC PAL version so skip it if you're playing The NTSC PAL versions & be prepared to get beaten up a lot. The Bare Knuckle III storyline dealt with terrorism they've totally destroyed a city call Wood Oak City that's part of the The Lima Nations Mr X has this chemical called Rakushin 122 he's trying to supply The Lima Nations with it so he can make a lot of money there's a General named Petrov who is against these Lima Nations going to war so The Syndicate has captured him. In The US PAL versions well The Chief has been kidnapped & Mr X is going to replace high ranking city & police officials replaced by robots. The American & European versions is basically a generic Beat Em Up I mean I could do without the plot cause it's some kind of BS out of a Saturday Morning Cartoon. If it didn't have Axel, Blaze & Skate returning this game could've been called something else. Adam also returns in a couple of cameos so he's not playable he figures into the plot in both SOR 3 & Bare Knuckle III. They've changed the color of clothing the characters Axel wears a yellow shirt & black jeans. Blaze wears a white shirt & white shirt. Cause Sega says they were being gender neutral more like they were being politically correct. Sega took out the original opening there's cut scenes with dialogue but scenes the Sega rewrote all these cut scenes before & after each level skip it I don't even know why they left it in cause none of it makes sense. The 1st level it starts off with a bomb being defused also you'll notice at the character select screen the music is mediocre. Anyway level 1 is starts off in this warehouse where you have 3 sections a warehouse, dock & an alley where you fight a returning Shiva. You have new enemies such as these assassin that wear suits & shoots you punks that dress like Justin Bieber which gives me more of a reason to beat these dudes up as well as mowhawk punks. You have these female enemies that with blond brush cut haircuts who have been censored so have the whip ladies instead of their revealing clothes they wear jackets, skirts, pantyhose & high heels. I don't mind the music on this level it's not Streets Of Rage 2 music or even the 1st game for that matter it's not as bad as some of the music later on. After the 1st level Blaze knows where the 2nd bomb is at level 2 starts out downtown at this shopping district where you have Biker's & yellow jacket mowhawk punks after you along with your basic punks. You have an evil psycho clown & Kangaroo as the sub boss if you beat the clown 1st then you'll get The Kangaroo as a playable character yep they won't let you play as Adam or bring Max back but you can play as a Kangaroo. The 2nd section is in this Disco which is was pretty good you have to go through your basic punks & mowhawk punks Blond Brush Cut Girls & whip ladies. The Boss of level 2 is Mona & Lisa they're the returning Blaze clones from SOR 1 only they're not Blaze clones & they're not as difficult as in SOR 1. The music in The Disco is ok as was the boss music. At the end of level 2 there's a news segment going on where you're told that Axel has kidnapped The Chief which I think if Sega had to change the story make where Axel has been framed for kidnapping The Chief & he has to go along with the team to find The Chief & so he can clear his name they might have been too mature though. Level 3 is where the music goes tos  #  *  t you're in this construction site where you fight off yellow jacket mowhawk punks with the various punks & guys dressed as Justin Bieber I guess that's a reason to play it you get to beat up dudes dressed as Justin Bieber & he is a punk. You have the chicks with whips & the ladies with brush cuts. You can also knock them into pits which is fun if you can pull it off in this version cause you'll get beat on a lot. 2nd section where you have a black Doug Funny punk trying to kill you with a Bulldozer & you have some really awful music like someone put their hand under the armpit put it up to the recorder & made f  art  in  g noises. WTF Yuzo Koshiro. You have to fight off The Bulldozer while smashing a brick wall if you get to the end the black Doug Funny will crash a barrel will fall on top of him killing him then the 3rd section is on this lift which playing this again I was burnt out on this game that doesn't happen with Bare Knuckle III I can sit beat that game. This section has more of the same enemies but it introduces a newer Samuri type kung fu villain & they're more of a challenge than what they were in part 2. The Boss of Level 3 is Robot Axel. Level 4 is in this tunnel you'll probably die a lot here cause there is this this Subway Cart that comes through in Bare Knuckle III I don't get hit a lot by it. In the 2nd section you won't have to you have to fight off these Ninja's that have returned you won't have to worry about a The Subway Cart hitting you cause you can go in this corner & let it pass sometimes it will hit the enemies. The music in the 2nd section of level 4 sounds like something that would be used in a 70's Cat Food Commercial. The Boss of level 4 called Yamota you have to defeat 3 of them & this boss fight is fun in Bare Knuckle III in Streets Of Rage 3 it's the longest boss fight of the entire franchise I'm not joking the boss music used is some of the better in the game. Level 5 you go through The Syndicate Hide Out where it's in about 3 or 4 sections the 1st section is you have to fight through Ninja's & Samuri's The 2nd section is in some kind of hallway with a great tune it's 1 of the few I like where you fight your basic punks yellow jacket, red & blue jacket mowhawk punks the fat guys are back as well as more Samuri's. The 3rd section is on an elevator where you fight off punks brush cut chicks & whip ladies & basic punks you get to the top floor where Axel has words with Mr X you fight off some more punks & whip ladies. Mr X stands up catches fire & it's a robot & if you beat Robo X & you're playing on easy you're f  *  *k you go play on harder difficulty. When I saw this back in the day I was like wtf? I wasn't aware of the level select cheat back in the day or the 9 lives cheat. So the game wants to play Clue with you but I'm not wanting to play clue I want to play Streets Of Rage 3. So however you get to level 6 you have to save The Chief from being gassed to death you have to destroy 2 control panels you have these hopping robots they are not as fun as in Streets Of Rage 2. But you have to take a lift to get to these 2 lower floor each control panel is in the 2nd room on the 2 lower floors. The rooms contain whip ladies & Samuri's. You have to save The Chief cause The Syndicate has sent a disguised Chief to make a statement at Mayor's Mansion If you don't get to The Chief in time then you take an alternate route going to The Mayor's Mansion which looks more like The White House. The level 6 boss is the return of the jet pack guy who is backed up by 2 extra jet pack men. He provides a better challenge though. You can beat them with jump attacks & special moves. Adam makes a cameo where he guns down the jet pack men at the end of the boss fight. If you save The Chief then you'll go on the right route where the 1st section starts off outside your fighting off Ninja's hopping robots & Biker's this is very annoying. The Factory is the same where you got Mr X robots then you have to fight off hopping robots a Mr X's Assassins & a jet pack guy. Then you have a sort of sub boss a Scientist named Dr Dahm trying to kill you with lab equipment. You have to jump attack it. All this stuff is fun & challenging in Bare Knuckle III. You face a very difficult robot controlled by what's left of Mr X all that's left is his brain. Now in both Bare Knuckle III & Streets Of Rage 3 this is hard but it's a fun challenge. You have to beat the Neo X in 3 minutes if you have defeated him after the 3 minutes have passed you'll get a bad ending telling how you failed & try again. If you defeat it before the 3 minutes passed you'll get the good ending & all I can say is keep using your special attack on Neo X. Adam gets you out of their on a helicopter after the battle. I'm going to wrap this up by saying Streets Of Rage 3 really bad a story that's not needed since Sega of America messed up The NTSC PAL versions. Most of the music is bad other than the redone Streets Of Rage theme I like the music in level 5 section 2 the music in level 7 B where you're at The White House is my favorite on this game & The round 4 boss music is really good. I can just listen to those tracks on You Tube or in the options menu. I have heard Streets Of Rage 3 didn't do well I mean just look at the cover I mean The US Box Art for SOR 1 & 2 is bad but for SOR 3 it's terrible Axel & Blaze look like they're in they're in their 40's Axel looks like he's put on weight. Zan looks dumb & The Kangaroo is on the cover it looks so laughable. If I would've saw this in a store I would've been like wtf & it probably got a bad word of mouth. Anyway next review will be the real Streets Of Rage 3 Bare Knuckle III.
I couldn't stand this game.This was NOTHING compared to S of R and S o R 2.The gameplay was super fast and it was alot harder too.The soundtrack in this game was totally lame.Once again,NOTHING compared to the first two games of the trilogy.The characters you choose from are about the same.Except there is no Adam again(which sucks big time) and no Max Thunder either(which REALLY sucks) All there is,is some old dude who is a human-robot or something.I don't even know what the hell this thing even is.Anyway,the graphics are about the only good thing that I would say this game's got going for it.Overall,I would recommend avoiding this one,and just pick up Streets Of Rage and Streets Of Rage 2.
X-Men is a fun game... on ameatur difficulty level.  When I cranked it up to Hero (since you can't get any farther than the third level on ameatur), I found it almost impossible to do anything.  I got tired of playing the levels all over again, fighting the same, almost randomly apearing enemies coming from doors at any moment and surrounding me.  Although the game may have captured the feel of the X-Men, I didn't think they did a good job with the actual game aspect, which is probably the most important thing.  If you want to play a good Marvel game, try Marvel Super-heroes: war of the Gems.  It is much more balanced and fun than Sega's attempt at making an X-men game.
I know this is going to sound like sacrilege but I was never a fan of the Mortal Kombat games. Having playedStreet Fighter II' Special Champion EditionandFatal Furybefore it I just didn't see much point in another fighting franchise.Plus, the digitised graphics, which were supposed to be 'groundbreaking' and make us all go 'ooohhh, ahhh' were just really rubbish. They were so blocky and resembled just a few big, chunky pixels vaguely in the shape of a human. I tired of it pretty quickly I'm afraid to say but a few months after I stopped playing it I went back after finding cheat codes in a magazine to restore the censored gore. But even that was dumb!A gallon of blood splattered into the air every time you punched someone and it just looked so stupid that it had no edge. And then later on I got the cheats for the finishing moves and 'babalities' and 'animalities' or whatever such nonsense. But by that point they just took it too far and I never went back to it again. The sequels never took my interest either.Not the best fighting game by far.Graphics CSound CGameplay CLasting Appeal C+
THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST VERSIONS OF THE ORIGINAL GAME YOU CAN BUY. THE GRAPHICS ARE HORRIBLE, THE FIGHTS ARE BORING, AND THIS VERSION JUST LACKS THE DEPTH OF THE SUPER NINTENDO VERSION. ONLY REASON I DON'T GIVE THIS THING 1 STAR IS BECAUSE OF THE CODE THAT YOU CAN USE TO UNLOCK THE GORE AND THE FATALITIES THAT AREN'T FOUND ON THE OTHER VERSION. BUT OTHER THAN THAT, STICK WITH THE FAR SUPERIOR SUPER NINTENDO VERSION. THIS VERSION AIN'T WORTH LOOKING FOR.
this controller is really a bad idea on segas part, the six button is much more user friendly especially to anyone who enjoys fighting games (such as myself) given i do own a pair of these, i never use them, use my six buttons even on three button compatable games because the only difference is you dont use the x y z buttons lol, plus on any six button genre games that incorporated the using start button to swap the threes functions you loose the pause feature, defanatly not the best controller for the genesis
I recieved the controller on time, how ever it is not fully functional, only the directional key works, and the start button works from time to time, the other three buttons are not working at all. probaly should have gone with a replica, however i'll give it another shot and order another form another Amazon supplier.. Good luck to us all who put our money and faith into second hand material.
Are you people stupid when it comes to telling what games are good and what games totally suck?! I love the original Doom, but this shooter does a terrible job at ripping Doom off. The graphics aren't good for their time! Hell, the Genesis has way better looking games than this. It's like when I look at this game I'm reminded of vomit. Why? Picture this: a friend has just barfed, and to make fun of the situation you try and find what the colorful chunks of vomit look like. Hell, even with the radar screen you have to literally squint to see where the enemies are at because the graphics are so horrible and ugly (come to think of vomit, if you have problems with games with horrible graphics that cause you to get sick, you will barf a storm). Plus, this game was made in 1994 and has perhaps some of the worst graphics ever. Doom was released in 1992, and the graphics still hold well to this day. The controls are crappy, the music is God-awful along with the graphics, and this is one of the worst shooters I've ever played. So whatever you do don't buy this f***ing awful game. Also worth mentioning, the graphics are so bad to point of where it looks worse than an NES game.
I've played a lot of games that to this day can be considered old. Some of them have aged well thanks to their long lasting charms and innovations, but from this I've earned an experience: I have learned that if the opening music to the game is astronomically good, it's a bad game. Few games apply to this rule, but it is still present particularly in long forgotten manure fests like Deep Blue for the Turbo Grafix 16... and this game.Right out, the game starts with an incredible opening song, one that sounds catchy, jazzy and dire all at the same time. Then you actually play the game and see the graphics and the hook has dislodged itself from your interest.I'm not going to say that the graphics are bad, especially not at a first glance, but SA uses a very dull color palette consisting of almost limelight tints where the shirts of thugs will appear too green for their own good and the palette loves to over-use the color gray... a lot. You'll encounter a lot of gray backgrounds in this game save for maybe the park levels which actually resemble forests.The game play on the other hand is criminal. I don't want to sound like the average game whiner that whines about older games and how hard they were, but I know when a game is being unfair and when I just suck at a game and SA takes the former in astronomic measurements. I never thought Venom or Spidey could take so much damage from wimpy looking thugs, athletic gymnast women who use their hair as whips and headband wearing drunks armed with flintlocks (yes, I'm serious).The enemies in this game are a pain. Some of them are really cheap particularly the wimpy, saggy-shorts jerks in the first level that leap at you from across the screen and the aforementioned gymnasts, but they only get more cheap from there, especially when they throw in guys with Cable-like guns and Iron Man wannabes.I think my favorite boss in the whole game was the first level boss; he's one of the cheapest bosses you'll encounter, but the animation for him (or it, it's a robot, really) is SO funny that it's actually cute. It's like watching a cat walk over the dried surface of a previously rain-proof coated deck as they shake their paws of the sticky feeling before taking another step, it's that funny.You can climb on walls in some levels, but your movement is restricted to the level. Of course, speak of the devil and he shall appear... let's talk about the real nightmare in this unconscious dream state of a game (that analogy sucks):The levels are long, samey brawler levels consisting of streets, a forest-like park, a bridge and a factory and you're going to run through each one for what feels like five minutes straight encountering the exact same enemies and occasionally having the choice of taking different paths which wastes time more than the average game should.None of this is helped by the looped music of each level with only three level songs total; imagine playing through eight levels with only three different songs over and over again, all of which are dwarfed by the opening song that first played.You do get additional help in the game such as Marvel cameos who come out of nowhere once you pick up their icon, but sometimes they don't really help you; some of them have very specific reasons to help you like clearing the screen of enemies or blocking projectiles and in most cases they'll just run on screen, do something for a few seconds, disappear and leave you to continually get your posterior slammed into chewed gum.And if you're hoping the ending and final boss is worth encountering, they really aren't. I'd say buy it for the opening music or a goofy gold robot, but are any of those really valid reasons? I think I'd rather re-coat the deck, wait for it to dry, find any spots that still have those dried, but sticky patches on them and have the cat walk over it again... and to add, I'll join in the fun by walking with her barefoot.If you want game with your nihilism however, then come get some.
This game has seen its life. It lacks the motivation and breath-taking function of others of its genre here on 2009. I find Clocktower for the SNES to be more entertaining.-The graphics-Fuzzy character sprites, blood that is so cheap that it looks like red paint? Resident Evil took a whipping in the visual department. The zombies look like Re-Deads. And a brownish/black fuzzy blob is not scary, it's funny. There's been games like Tomb Raider and Croc that visually look better yet they are both PS1 games.Like a Sweet Home spinoff, Resident Evil starts out with very little weapons, but with scarce ammo. The one major difference between these two however, are the controls.That's right, i'm talking about button-busting control schemes. All the earlier RE games have an annoying tendency of allowing the character to die, a lot. When other games came out (and before) the controls were smoother, RE insisted that the characters turn painfully slow away from an approaching zombie, just giving the zombie enough ample-time to latch on to have lunch, breakfast, and dinner.Now what's so scary about this game?Is it given that M-ratings were considered 'rare' back on the PS1? The script? Or 'knowing' some zombie is gonna come out of that hallway sooner or later? The game starts with the player arriving on the grounds of the mansion (in a grainy video) then inside. Immediately there is conversation. The voice-acting is dull, un-lively and boring. Do I care that there's blood on the floor? No, why? because it looks like paint, that's why! Don't mind the plain-in-sight dead-body laying in the corner there, it's decor! Or not. Again, the voice-acting is as bland and convincing as a monologue broken-record. Ahh. Something's there. Ahhhhh. Bad acting produces bad results.Given that it was the first RE game may be the reason for its praising, considering both it's puzzle-like feature of finding items/unlocking rooms and of course, the zombies in a squashed polygon-rendered environment. But by today's standards (Fallout 3 anyone?) this game simply doesn't cut it. Silent Hill has a remake of it's first game, it may be worth a try. But as for RE 1 original, it's a rent. Try the other games before considering this.
this collection of games were okay, the best one out of them all was super packman. the rest were not worth playing. :(
This game is a monsterous disaster. Even if it was rare, I do not understand how anyone could have possible considered paying as much as $100 for this game.The gameplay mechanics were borrowed from its 2D predecessors; however, the conversion into 3D was horrible. The game moves slow, the graphics are mediocre at best, the difficulty can be overwhelming at times, controls were shoddy, the game had horrible load times considering there were better games that also loaded for that period of time--the only good that I really saw in the game was that it stayed true to the series and featured a good sized cast of characters spanning from the Dragon Ball all the way through GT (But NOT every character and there wasn't much of a STORY per se existent in this game).Breakdown-The Good:-A huge roster of the Dragon Ball Universe warriors-Retains the original voices from the show-nice CutsceneThe Bad:-The Graphics-The Gameplay-The Framerate-The price--especially when the game first went out of print
Below are the differences between the Japanese and American  releases.1. The Biggest Fight intro song was replaced with some crappy instrumental that sounds like a boss theme Sound effects were in The Japanese version but weren't present in the US one2. the Graphics are pretty good but I have one problem you have to jam on the buttons to get the characters to move quick3.cast of characters with Biggest fight Playing is missing at the end and The credits The Japanese one Hironobu Kageyama is singing in the end credits while the US just replaced it with an instrumental of the same song. I don't know why they couldn't use the instrumental of the biggest fight I found hidden on the disc itself for the intro.4. the voice acting is awful I know this was rereleased but couldn't they redub it with the Funimation actors instead of those Mediocre ones. Japanese the original voices from the original anime.
are we asking for to much like better music and a story line ive played games that had none all i cared about was fighting a game like this should be more responcive when you move but why dose everyone buy the japanese version the us version has a girila in the cover if you dont have the patients to learn to teleport figure out what moves combo then dont buy it remember this game dosnt have a strategy guide iether it came with a booklet or it didnt and the  booklet dosnt list all the moves
If this was a launch title for the Playstaion 1 than one could guarentee that the system would be in the garbage bin along with Atari Jaguar and Virtual Boy.  This game is so horrible and unplayable that it is an embarassment to fighting games.  I will go out on a limb and say that this is the single worst fighting game I have ever played.The idea behind this game is that there are a cast of Dragon BAll GT characters all fighting it out.  There is no plot to speak of in this game and for most (outside of super obsessed fans who know extreme details of every character)they would out this game shortly after the first fight or two.This comes down to my biggest complaint about this game, the controls.  With any video game you need to have responsive controls.  You don't get that here.  There is no combo system to speak of which even early fighting games held (although did not go acknowledge).  Here is the idea of a typical fight on easy.  1:Fight Begins 2: You move forward to attack in which you move painfully slow 3: You hit kick, ten seconds pass and your character does the move 4: Your opponent is hit and fights back 5: Using the dash button you slowly move out of the way 6: You go to use a special (which seems to be insta kill), only to have it countered and you lose 7: Controller then shatters on TV screen in utter frustration.  This is an example of a fight that lasts possible a minute. Like I said the controls are the worst I have ever seen.I feel sorry for those who shell out X amount of dollars on this garbage and I challenge any one out there to give some reason at why this game is supposivly good.  Grand THeft Auto 2 has passed it's mantle as worst game of all time to this game, this is no buried treasure, this is no lost artifact or holy grail, this game is plain and simple garbage.
I have been playing video games my entire life and this game is the worst game I have ever played. You can't walk two steps without fighting an enemy and it takes hours to go through one very small castle because of this. The gameplay is horrid,and boring, the music is painfully redunant. Everything about this game sucks! I threw it in the trash!
you create things.That's about it.You also fight these little flying lizard-things that pour our of a hole in the ground until you build a building over it.This game will keep you entertained for about an hour,then it gets boring quickly.My advice is to rent the game before buying it.
I usually break down every game that I review from story to sound to controls and yada yada. This game will not require such a breakdown being an old school SNES plat-former in the vein of a really bad Castlevania. Allow me to be more specific as I mentioned in the title that the controls are terrible. By terrible I don't mean if you press forward the character moves backward, of course not. If you press forward your character will move forward, and if you press attack he will attack. The problem is when you move him forward he sluggishly moves forward as he doesn't seem to be a very motivated statue possessed by a god. I would have liked the flight mechanic much more if they utilized it more in the style of Demon's Crest. The problem might have been that this game came out before Demon's Crest, so didn't have much influencing it in that department. You don't really fly with those wings, but rather glide. And you usually glide right into fifty enemies attacking you at once causing the game to slow down significantly. Or you usually end up missing a platform as a result that even if you do end up landing on your character has to cartoonishly put on the brakes the second he lands and slides forward a bit. The enemies respawn especially at the most inconvenient moments, and at times they even respawn right where you're standing so there's no way you can avoid them at times. I know people like a challenge to their gameplay, but there's the difference between a legit challenge and just plain cheap deaths. If you want a legit challenge save another $15 and get Castlevania IV if you don't already have it. I know someone is going to find this review unhelpful just for the fact that's it a negative review. There are some praiseworthy elements in this game, such as the visuals. The graphics and backgrounds are beautiful for a 16 bit game and wouldn't look any better even if you added another 16 bits to them (that's 32 for those bad at Math, which consist of most Playstation 1 games). It's a game that is definitely at home on 16 bit consoles, but the gameplay just isn't up to par. It is possible to get good at this game and beat it, as it isn't completely unplayable. The problem is you'll end up losing your voice from cursing at the game before you actually end up getting good at it. I just don't think it's a game that's worth spending a lot of time and effort to playing when the SNES has a vast library filled with much better games. Buyer beware that if you end up purchasing this game you might be stuck with it and not like it. Try the ROM for yourself first. This isn't a worthy successor to the original, and it's part of the reason why another ActRaiser game hasn't been made since. This isn't one of those diamonds in the rough, so just glance past this abomination of a sequel and stick with the predecessor. No hard feelings toward anyone who does like this game.
If you were expecting anything like the first game, you will be disappointed. What I especially did not like was the lack of the Sim-city mode. It's all action/side-scrolling now. The first Actraiser had interesting side-scrolling levels with a nice array of challenges and enemies. The levels in Actraiser 2 are just frustrating. There's nothing wrong with a challenge, but the level of challenge even in Easy mode is so ridiculous it's discouraging. There's nothing wrong with losing lives while trying to figure out a level, but it takes so many attempts to go through a level because the enemies keep coming at you. Trying to work out a strategy to deal with enemies becomes time-consuming, and after you beat one level, you know you're going to have to do it all over again with another level. The time spent trying to master one level sucks all the fun out of the game. If you're a masochist who enjoys being frustrated, this is your game! Otherwise, avoid.
I have to say the first Actraiser was a classic but Actraiser II is trash!  The wings might be the most annoying feature in fight mode.  Do not buy this game!
The gameplay is horrid, the graphics sucks for SNES and it's just very very boring to play.
This was ONE OF THE WORST GAMES i've ever seen in my life next to Operation Europe and Populous. If your curious, thinking this looks like mario, well its not. Far from such Greatness as Donkey Kong or mario. i played this game for 20 mins the day i got it and aint touched it since. The Nes versions of Adventure island are alot better and more fun than this game. Buy them, But Please, unless you truly wish to own it for being an SNES version of the NES Classic, dont buy it. its nothing like it. It is an oversized half naked fat man that resembles nothing to the Classic Mr. Higgins. Your nowhere near as small as you used to be on the NES and your hathcets just dont throw like they used to. this game was definately made on a low budget and quickly produced for Quick Income. However, i consider it one of the Few SNES Flops. The only reason it truly sold was because people thought it was going to be like the original NES Version, only to find out when they got home teary eyed that ITS NOT. And it definately aint worth good ends neither. When you jump on the game He looks as though he's been busted by the police or going in to convulsions or something... Rather confusing exactly WHAT it looks like hes doing. The Graphics are good, but the controls are not smooth and Gets Repetitive extremely fast, Leadin to Boredom, and eventually getting trashed.
For those of you who had fond memories of the classic arcade game, Captain America and the Avengers, STEER clear of this port that came out for the SNES during its heyday. This was doomed from the get go.First off, the game was made by Mindscape (who did not have a great track record when it came to video games) and not by Data East, the original developer of the arcade game.  Second, the graphics and music were downgraded significantly to accommodate the low ROM space of the SNES cartridge, which ended not looking or sounding great. Lastly, the controls were so rigged and stiff that moving around and fighting your enemies were extremely limited.As a twist of irony, this was later released for the Genesis by Data East, with graphics, sounds, controls and difficulty mirroring the arcade version.My best friend picked this up and I played it several times trying to get myself to enjoy this game but I didn't. Get the Genesis version or track down the ROM to play this on an emulator because the SNES version was butchered beyond relief. Save your money and don't buy it!!
the game is pretty cheap and you cant realy do much because the game does all of the fighting for u kind of depressing
So this game sucks. THe only good things about it are the music when you are playing (which is ghetto but awesome), and the fact that you can run into impossibly strong panther heads that shoot lasers from their eyes. Seriously, don't waste more than like $1 or 2 on this game..
Though any SNES game bearing the title "Final Fantasy" can now be called a collector's item, this is definitely the least sought after of the bunch. This is a hard game to appreciate having experienced parts 4 and 6, but for younger gamers, this is the perfect game. The story is strictly storybook-standard fodder, non-violent and pleasing to simple minds. The graphics and music are not even worth mentioning, as they cannot rightfully be called Final Fantasy material.But considering the target market, it would be unfair to totally trash this game. If I had a son, I would get this game for him as an into into RPGs. The better installments could wait. I wouldn't  call this game the "Worst RPG Of All Time", since I have played much, much worse.
I know there's some of you who'd like to see this game get 1 star, but come on, it's not THAT bad. For example,the music, although not excellent throughout, is pretty good. My favorites are the Volcano, Boss, and Gale Mountain themes. The Boss theme is ESPECIALLY good,though, one of the best I've heard. I know that many of you complain, &quot;Oh, I don't like the random battles.&quot; Well let me ask you this: Would you prefer 10 (TEN) MANDATORY battles on the world map before you can go on to the next area? I didn't think so. The dungeons and caves are a different story, though, as you can avoid most enemies (they appear onscreen)--unless you're going down a one-way tunnel. So the battles are a mixed bag, as you can see. Next, being a very early SNES title, the graphics and story are very bland--compared to later Squaresoft titles. Amazingly enough, I'm GLAD that Squaresoft made this game. Yes, GLAD. Why? Because when a system first comes out, companies aren't too sure what the full potential of that system is. Wouldn't it be dreadful if Squaresoft tried to put their BEST storyline, characters, music, gameplay, you name it, into this first game--only to realized that the SNES can't handle it, or that they could have done better later on? So I guess you could call this an EXPERIMENTAL Squaresoft game, just a way of sticking one's toe in the water. And before you start slapping your green numbers down in front of the cashier or reaching for the DOWNLOAD button, I suggest that you read other reviews--do a Google search or something--beforehand.
Some might say that to compare Final Fantasy: Mystic Quest to the rest of the series is unfair, since it was clearly aimed at a younger audience.  However, when you use a brand name to sell a product, the product had better live up to that name.  This game is not a Final Fantasy game, and only a complete FF completist should own it.  It takes under 10 hours to beat, and even a six year-old could probably beat it.  That's pretty much the point of it.  Final Fantasy II and III for the SNES are far, far better than this monstrosity, and they still remain my two favorite games of all time. Save your money and buy those instead.
This really isn't a part of the Final Fantasy series.  It's just labeled as such so it would sell better here in the US.  And yes... you can really jump in this game...
This is the black sheep of the Final Fantasy family.  It is barely mentioned in any discussion about Final Fantasy and there is a very good reason.  This is the worst game that I have played that actually bears the Final Fantasy name.  Simply put: this game is not good.  By the time this game was released, Squaresoft had give us a simplified version of Final Fantasy IV and called it Final Fantasy II.  FFII was more complex and had a deeper story than Mystic Quest.  The American audience had proven that we could handle more complex RPGs, but the next Final Fantasy we got was the children's game Mystic Quest.I finished Mystic Quest the first time in about 8-9 hours (at most), and after that I could beat the game in less than 6 hours.  Had there been an actual story to the game, this would have been just a warm-up, but instead the game was complete.  Mystic Quest would have worked better as a side scrolling adventure RPG rather than a straight RPG.  As it stands, the game is closer in feel to Final Fantasy Adventure for the Gameboy than any Final Fantasy in the numbered series.  The story is simple: gather crystals and save the world (okay, FF I and IV had this story, too).  The gameplay was far too easy.  Most enemies would go down in one or two hits, and you can just fly through the game learning some spells and whacking enemies.My description isn't quite doing justice to how dull the game is and how little fun it is to play.  Because of the weakness of this game, the only positive is that the game is so short.  If you must play it, go into it with no expectations.  If you want to play a good SNES RPG, try Final Fantasy II or III, or Chrono Trigger.  If you do play this game, remember to use the Cure spell on the final boss.  It makes life easier.
It takes two hits to kill every enemy, except bosses.  The undead bosses take one hit -- one cureall spell.  If your age is in the double digits in years, this game will probably be too simple for you.  NOT RECOMMENDED.
Maybe that's a little unfair.  I'm admittedly not a big Final Fantasy fan (Square has made some other stuff which I enjoy).  The FF series is mostly okay, but Mystic Quest is terrible.Mystic Quest was, as far as I know, a pitiful attempt by the Japanese dominated market of the time to create a 'trainer' RPG for stupid Americans.  Those stupid Americans were woefully underestimated.Mystic Quest has a plot more suitable for a side-scroller than an RPG: Find the four crystals and kill the main bad guy, and thereby save the world.  That's about it.  The standard talking and house invasion system is used, but nobody really has anything to say.There is a small assortment of friendly characters who join your party at the game's discretion.  They don't really have much to say, either.  The one guy is a ninja, I guess, which is nice.  He was my favorite.The combat system is nothing, just straight turn-based attack button pressing.  You can also cast one of a small number of spells, using a system in which you can cast a certain number of each spell type (white, black), rather than using magic points.  Also, for some reason, unless you change it, your HP are represented by bars rather than numbers.  Between towns, you fight in arenas (by the way, there is no wandering in the wilderness) which are boring, but you get prizes, so I did them anyway.  There are also only random encounters in some of the dungeons, and set monsters is the others (one is even a mixture of the two).  Don't ask why.  Having mostly non-random monsters earns Mystic Quest its first star.The graphics are downright bad, but I've come to expect that from old games.  They aren't too much worse than, say, FFIV.  The music, on the other hand, is great for old school stuff.  Good enough to earn Mystic Quest its second star.Anyways, Mystic Quest is awful, though almost comparable to FFIV, but much worse.  Maybe it is good for training people into RPG's.  Someone who is young and hasn't played any RPG's.  Maybe.  It took me ten hours to beat, but could be done in five if you didn't mess around.  Take some advice from someone who paid 10$ for Mystic Quest: If you can't find it for [money]$ or less, don't bother.
This was, without a doubt the worst Final Fantasy game that I've ever played. Even Final Fantasy II had it's moments, but this game just annoyed me...The same great music you remember is here, but everything else was left at the curb. Fuzzy-looking graphics, characters lacking any sort of personality or conviction, overly simplistic storyline, these are just afew words I would use to describe this game.And it's not just that this game is lame in comparison to other Final Fantasy games! On the contrary, this was the first Final Fantasy game that I ever played, and if it weren't for the fact that I had already ordered Final Fantasy IV online, then this game would've stopped me from ever buying another one ever again.The only thing that I actually liked about this game is that monsters showed visible damage once their health was decreased past it's half way point, wish they would've put that into other Final Fantasy games...Other than that, this game should be avoided... You're better off spending your money on another Final Fantasy game. Whichever one you choose, it's sure to be better than this.
This game is the worst final fantasy game I've ever had the misfortune to play. The bad graphics are only masked by the horrific gameplay & loss of convincing Heros, not to mention the absence of convincing story-lines that made the Final Fantasy series such a huge hit! The only fantasy that comes to mind when playing this game is the fantasy of killing yourself or throwing it out the window and praying to God for the souls of the people who put this game on the market. I warn all new-comers to the final fantasy world: DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME! If your looking for a good final fantasy game to start up with I recomend Final Fantasy I & II Dawn of Souls for the GameBoy Advance, or Final Fantasy Origins for the PSone.Written by:ShadowMage (The game maniac)
Very, very, very obsolete, ffiv(ii) aged very poorly, remakes improves over original 10-100-1000 timesMy gripes for this version are:1)graphics are awful, more then a snes game, this looks as a nes game.2)easy version for the us audience, is too damn easy3)no dush button, the game is terrible slow4)very bad and censored script5) Where's the ATB gauge? without gauge, the ATB is pointless6) conversion is terrible! Cut everything! Cut magics, cut skills, censored text, cut out difficulty, this is tolerable?My gripes for this game itself1) music is annoying, 20 seconds MIDI endlessly repeated2)short game, less then 20 hours3)The plot has absolutely zero depth or detail4)primitive gameplay, no job system, no esper system, no materia system, nothing of nothing5)don' t even choose party members, the story choose your party ( most strategic game ever eh?)6)the game world is too generic, no information at all. The game has 8 countries, but, you do not know anything about them.7) no description of items8) in the equipment shops, you don't see the changes of statistics9)too large party so little time, characters don't receive a true development besides kain or cecil10)Rosa is the worst feminine character ever, zero depht, zero background, I don't know any information about her, besides she's the white mage of the castle and love Cecil11)Cecil start evil? Don't make me laugh!!!! In the very first scene it's already a good guy!12)dungeons are boring! Cave, cave, cave, cave, mountain , cave, cave, cave....Graphics 1/10sound 5/10story 3/10characters development 5/10gameplay 4/10fun factor 3/10Whit this UNBIASED review of ff2(4)I'm trying to help the new rpg gamers often deceived from nostalgic o fanboy reviewers.My advertise? If you want so badly play final fantasy 4 try the psp version( the best version) is 100% improvement over this, or try the ds version if you like cartonish and blocking graphics.Stay away from the terrible gba version, loaded with bugs, bad control, bad sound and low difficult.Psx version is basically uncensored japanese hard-type snes version with a couple of fmv and the dash button, decent version but really no any real improvement.
This has got to be one of the most boring mario games I ever played as a child. First of all theres no action no challenges which the bad guys can't kill you, All your doing is just playing as luigi pointlessly running all around the world searching for pointless clues of history to find mario and that's absolutely no fun at all, Your better off going back to school studying world history than to play this game no less.If you want an epic mario game for your SNES look no further than SUPER MARIO RPG LEGEND OF THE SEVEN STARS instead, But yeah avoid this sorry excuse for entertainment.Overall 0/5 stars from me!
This game is about as exciting as going to the library to read UA history books.  Literally that is all you do, find items, find their place in history, fill in your history book and that's it.  Plus hours of walking around looking for turtles which can't hurt you.  The bosses or enemies in this "game" cannot hurt you....where the hell is the fun in that?!?!?!?  This is easily the worst game ever, even worse than the NES version.
This game is dum. All you do is go around looking for Mario.There's no action, no fun, no nothing. I can't beleive people bought this boring, pointless, and funless waste of money.
Mario is Missing is the worst Mario game on the face of Earth.Nintendo shouldn't have given Software Toolworks the Mario license.Mario is Missing is a horrible crummy educational game that isn't really educational.
I remember this game being fun. I recently bought it and its very confusing and a hard game to beat. Its fun at first, but then they add a stupid hang gliding test that just sucks. The game is tough and if you're into a challenge where you have to go though rings for points and land successfully this is it for you. You have to use differentiate speeds and elevations for certain levels. I would have to say this game is similar to Star Fox but I don't remember Star Fox being hard to play.
This game is one of those titles that you either love or hate, and while its more loved than hated, I'm going to say that I don't like this very much. Now, I know that multiple people have wrote the same type of review here, but this game frustrated me so much that I felt that I needed to chime in as well, along with the two others who wrote a similar review to mine.On one note, I actually loved the color and diverse environments in this game, but there are two major flaws. The menu is extremely excruciatingly difficult to navigate through, you have to keep pressing X and Y all over again to find what you need, and the battle system is simply unforgiving. You have to wait for your attack to charge and sometimes you don't have time to wait for your attack to charge, and you end up getting gang beaten by all the monsters around you because your sword does not even hit the monster half the time, (yes you heard me right!!) half the time!!! That is unacceptable especially for an action RPG.For a turn-based RPG I may understand, but even on turn-based RPGs enemy evades rarely happen, and only happen when the character has an agility lowering spell cast on, but no in Secret of Mana, you have to miss the enemy more than 50% of the time trying to hit it and it really aggravates me!! There is one more thing about this game that is an absolute deal-breaker. When you try to exit a room, you have to forcefully gather your characters by either hitting select, or going back towards them, but what if an enemy is still in the way, well you character meets the reaper!! This is the epitome of poor game design, I absolutely cannot fathom that this game has even passed testing, let alone getting the Nintendo Seal of Quality back in its release in 1993, and being re-released on Virtual Console without the AI problems addressed! Thank goodness I only wasted $8 on this game, and not $60 on a SNES cart. Please play Breath of Fire II, or Chrono Trigger instead, or if you really want an action RPG, you can play Illusion of Gaia or Zelda: Link to the Past; you will thank me later!!
A friend at work recommended this game to me, he being an RPG enthusiast just like me was surprised when I said I had not played it. I've beaten Legend Of Mana, so hey why not give this a go! Honest opinion.... Not as great as I expected. I did enjoy it to some extent, but about 8 hours in it just gets cheap. I'm talking Ruby Weapons "Quicksand" attack cheap. Enemies start multiplying, bosses start coming in pairs and heal each other/Revive. I've come across this before in RPG's (Star Ocean 3,Legend Of Dragoon,Paper Mario), but in Secret Of Mana it's way out of control. I guess that's how they chose to make this game difficult, just give enemies doppleganger/infinite healing/infinite revive. Not my style. It's not like me to just up and quit a game right in the middle, so I'm a little disappointed. As for this being one of the greatest RPG's Ever? I wouldn't go that far and I wouldn't bring it up in a conversation concerning that subject.  Also it's absolutely not worth that $50.00 "used" price tag it holds. Maybe it's on PSN?ahem, on a much brighter note. May I recommend some highly acclaimed games like Legend Of Zelda: A Link To The Past, Final Fantasy 3 aka 6, or Chrono Trigger instead?Anywho, if you're a fan of this game no disrespect. This is just an opinion, don't get all hurt. Quiet frankly I thought "Legend Of Mana" was an ok game. Haven't tried Dawn Of Mana, but was told to stay far far away from it.
I heard SO many good things and how legendary this game was, I bought it, and Wanted a refund.The framerate is SO BAD that its like watching a slideshow. Virtua racer on the genesis is SO much better then this.and the controls..... HOHOHOHOYou go way too fast, and the controls are SO SLUGGISH.I played at least 45 minutes and trained, but I couldnt do good enough, I keep crashing. IDK Y nintendo thought there console was so cutting edge that they tried to make it do 3D polygons, but it fails. leave that up to the PS1 and Sega Saturn.
Sunset Riders is just like any of the TMNT (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtls) games except this one has cowboys and it's set in the old wild wild west.You play as 4 different sherriffs (Bob, Billy, Steve? and Cormano) and your objective is to take down the most evil and dangerous men in the wild wild west.O.k. this is what makes this game stupid, the enemy to hero ratio is completely off. There are always a lot more enemies than heroes on the screen for the most part and that makes this easy game a little confusing and a little too challenging seeing as how if you get hit like once or twice, you die and when a screen full of bad guys shoots 8 bullets in all different directions, it's kind of hard to didge.Turtles in Time is a much better 2 player game but if you're looking for a slight change of pace, here's your chance with this cowboy shoot em up.
this game is so boring, don't get confused this is nothing like the other kirby games. It's in the style of tetris. and it gives tetris a bad name. This was a disapointment.If you liked this game check out all of the other kirby games
This is not a kirby game. It is another puzzle game like tetris but not as fun. It is exactly like a game i have on my computer called "candy crisis".... But kirby charecters unstead of candy falling down. What u do is match the objects up and try not to over flow the placement. It gives u two different objects at once and u make sure u match the things falling up to what is on the ground which u can move them over or turn them in different directions to match them. I like the original kirby on the nes so i tried this one and its just a puzzle game. I like all of the other kirby games better because they have a story.
this game is terrible, the graphics are bad, the controls are worse, you cant tell what you can hit and what can hit you...it looks like a bad nes game.  its just not worth your time.  i only game it two stars bc i do love wolverine and i had expected so much more from this game...why do video game companies always put out bad games for superheros...it makes no sense.  only get this game if youre just a huge fan of wolverine and dont care how bad the game is...otherwise i suggest buying the xmen game for the snes...u can be wolverine and its much more fun and the graphics are great.  try that one instead
the snes version is way too hard to finish the sega genesis version is alot better & easier to finish
WOW!!! It's Wolverine in his very own video game!! Let's all celebrate!! Let's throw a ^*&%ing party!!Seriously though, even if the controls weren't disgusting, the mere fact that it has one of the world's most over-rated comic book super heroes would destroy it... for me, anyway. Some people actually worship this guy. You can probably find some geek with a shrine and a poster that says, "Wolverine, our savior, is better than God!". Wolverine used to be my favorite until over-exposure such as this ruined him. Now I'm rooting for Storm, who is infinitely (times 2,000,000) better than Wolverine will ever be. What about the game, though? I'd give you one if I could, but I wasn't able to play the game long enough without getting bored out of my mind.
I played the first few hours of this game in utter agony. Don't get me wrong, it started out promising: the music is AMAZINGLY atmospheric (it gave me the creeps!), and the game definitely has originality going for it.... But.... Yeah.... That's about it!Earthbound is just so...slow! And boring. The humor isn't very well done, either, I might add. It's juvenile and blah (it's obvious that it's intentional, but they could have been more creative, I think). The battles are painfully slow and the enemies are far too strong. I found myself having to level my character up (Ness) within the first few steps out the front door. Not only are the enemies too powerful, but to heal, you have to fight to power up your magic stats high enough to survive your way to the next plot point.... Isn't this game supposed to be a comedy? Why the insane difficulty? It makes no sense to me, here.Anyway, I'm not going to rant on forever. I'm only giving my honest opinions. Which are few, being I abandoned hope so early for this game. It's definitely not worth the asking price; go for the Wii Store route instead. Why spend so much on something so mediocre, unless it's for nostalgia's sake? And that's where I will end this review, in saying that it is OBNOXIOUS to even imply that this game is the "Best RPG Evarrrr," because it's far from the truth. Panzer Dragoon Saga might be the only RPG worth shelling out this sort of cash for. Not Earthbound!
the cable rattled when i first recieved it and didnt work so i cant really give a good review m
decent attempt at a knock off, but its bootleg as hell. they should be selling these with crack so you can get something worth the money being spent.
I got this when i dug my snes out and started playing it. But when i wanted to play super mario world on multiplayer i could not find the second controller. I looked everywhere. Anyway when i bought this one it looked great. But it was not. When u start to use it u notice that the cord is way shorter than the original controller, it is not even the same as the other because it does not say snes on it it just says nintindo but that does not really matter, and the worst of all the buttons stick and they r really stiff and hard to use. So now when u play multiplayer u r not even close to as good as u r with the original. Save ur money and buy the original one.
I have never played a good Addams family guy even though I have tried over 5 of there games. avoid this one. 1 star.
Complicated Storyline - there is often a limited sense of direction.Although your objectives/directions are usually handed from an NPC in a town, a castle or a cave, you may still find yourself having to keep a pen and paper handy so you won't forget where to go.Item Confusion - the magical properties of certain items aren'talways clear, such as the: Charm Top, the Amulet and the Magic Seal.Repetitive Nature  - the battles with enemies seem extemely repetitive at times; enemies always re-spawn when you walk off the screen. If you come back into a room, you'll be fighting them again. In case you think there was something you missed at a castle, all your enemies are back to greet you.Untimely Deaths - if there's enough powerful enemies on the screen, there's also the risk that your party will get killed off before you cast a single spell. Even though Chrono Trigger utilizes the beautiful Secret of Mana graphics engine - 'Mana' was not only an easier plot to follow but it also didn't have a turn-based battle dynamic like Chrono Trigger. With Chrono, you can't even evade enemies if they're directly in your path. You'll be rolling through every single enemy in the game unless you run away during the battles.Poor Shopping Dynamic - Nearly all the shops in game sell the same stuff. The shop in Medina has cool stuff but the goods are hideously expensive. By the time you have enough coins, the items in your inventory are likely already better.Enemies in the game never drop anything but gold, experience points and replenishment to your HP/MP. All your gear is coming out of a treasure chest in some dungeon.Poor Characterization - all your playable characters are one-dimensional and have very feeble personalities; by this I mean there's very little feeling, emotion or even romantic involvement between characters save for something shallow between Marle and Crono. Compare this to Final Fantasy 3 which despite also having turn-based battles, FF3 had a better soundtrack, storyline, items and graphics. FF3 is also a year older and was made by the same folks at Square.Only in graphics is Chrono Trigger more relevant to Secret of Evermore; however, the boy and his dog still had more depth and character than any single character within Chrono Trigger.BOTTOM LINE - Chrono Trigger's replay value doesn't come from the multiple endings the game has to offer or the handful of choices you can make to encounter those endings. Replay value is associated with forgetting how bad this game is and in trying to overlook all its many drawbacks. The terrible cover art on the box should've been the first warning.
why is this game so expensive???!!!  It was by far the worst megaman game ( along with x5 and x6).  And i beat them all might i add.  But x3 had nothing new.  The only two things new is u can play as zero. BUT if u die with him, he is gone for the rest of the game.  And there are 8 capsules.  But 4 are the normal armor and the other 4 are extras.  But u can only get one extra.  Megaman x1 is alot better and so is x4.  Get those two and u are set.
Lufia 2 rise the sinistral is the epitome of the mediocrity, no matter what's the legion of fanboy snes rpg tell you. It's avarage.The puzzle-oriented dungeon design is the strong point of the game.The positive- great use of puzzles in the dungeons- capsule- always escape- no casual encounters ( only world map)- dungeons are fun!- good extra- love storyThe negative- terrible storyline, simple and cliched plot, really a disappointment- stereotyped characters- the game don't aged very well- the gameplay is a bit monotonous- ugly and repetitive graphics (it's a 1996 game and secret of mana, release in 1993 has much better graphics!!)- mediocre soundtrack- poor presentation- easy near the endgraphics 5/10soundtrack 7/10story 4/10characters 4/10gameplay 9/10fun factor 9/10Miscellaneouslenght : a 40 hours gamedifficulty : easy near the end, but despite this is goodreplay value : avarage, good amount of extra
Street Fighter II was a crappy fighting game that was completley unplayable.The gameplay is awful and the cartoon graphics just made it even worse.Mortal Kombat had it ALL OVER Street Fighter II in ALL of these areas.Mortal Kombat really shines in the graphics compared to this heap of crap.Playing as realistic digitized characters was just so much better than playing with animated cartoonie looking dorks like Ryu or Ken.Pass this up and get Mortal Kombat instead.I know Mortal Kombat 1 for SNES did not have the blood and gore,but it was and STILL is better than this.Bottom line is...ALL Street Fighter games suck and Mortal Kombat is better in EVERY WAY...MK ALL THE WAY!
Levels are way to small and game play isn't very exciting. Characters wont think for themselves at all and if one gets killed you lose; So much for the red shirts!I'm not even sure it was worth the $10 I paid for it.
Away Team could have been much better. It didn't seem to stand out from all the other simulator type games out there. I was expecting more, but I was a little dissapointed.The graphics are mediorcre and the sound and instruction a little confusing as you play. A little predictable too. I guess I was a little disappointed based on all the other simulator type games I have already.You be the judge.
Firstly, in common with Activision's previous Star Trek title, Elite Force, this is far too short for a full price game.  The plot's none too poor, and has some pleasant twists that suprise, but the gameplay is repetitive and limited, so that by the end it has ceased to be a joy and more like a test of stamina.  Of major concern is the lack of an equiping screen and though you do get to choose the team that goes out, each mission's requirements pretty much pick the squad for you anyway.  Couple this with the fact that you have to micro-manage your team's every move (they won't even shoot back when shot at, just cry out) and there's no multiplayer option except co-operative over a LAN, means that this is one isometric squad-based shooter to be avoided. If you like this style of game you could do worse than buying Fallout Tactics instead, or save yourself [the money] and pick up a copy of Abomination - The Nemesis Project.
What a shame.  Great idea, great concept, but so poorly delivered.  This is not a patch on Commandos 2 and it lacks everything that made Commandos 2 so good.  The characters are dull and the games leads you rather then allowing you to  direct the flow of the game.Commandos 2 took me best part of a month and I enjoyed every minute of it, as a Trek fan I looked forward to this one but I finished it easily in two days and was sadly bored for most of it.  Avoid.
Now when I first played this game, I loved it!  But after awhile of playing I came to this one boss that I have spent a month on and havn't been able to beat!  And it's not cause I'm not good at fighting, it's because whenever he hurt's you, his life bar refuals to whatever amount he hurt you for TIMES TWO!!!  So if he takes away 22 health points from you, then he will gain 44 health points from you!!!  What!?!  And because I can't get any more health than 96 it makes it so I'm at a MAJOR dissadvantage!  And for the record 7/10 that I attack him I miss, even with the special attacks (Every one knows that special attacks shouldn't miss.  Other wise that makes it a regular move that just costs something more than a special attack!)!?!  Now that's unfair.  Now I'm not saying the game is bad because I was really enjoying this game up to this point!  But now I feel forced to buy a hint book or I may never beat this guy.  Shame on the creators for making such an unfair boss!  I feel like I was robbed of my money for this game.
How anyone can give this title a solid 5stars is beyond me.  This title is by far the worst RPG game ever created!!!  "Time Stalkers" is everything gone wrong with an RPG, which had the potential of being a great title, if just a little more time and effort were put into the project.  Dungeons are randomly picked, (which can be an either good or bad thing dependings on one's preference) can only carry 5 items when entering a dungeon (only level 1 weapons can be carried inside a dungeon since your character is started at level even time they enter a new) , and worst of all if you're defeated in a battle guess what, not only do have to start the entire dungeon from scratch, but you're also started back at level 1 and lose all of strong weapons which you had gathered during your voyage!!  What were the creaters thinking?!!  Not only that, but the list goes on and on!!  Do not buy this title!!  I'll make you want to play NES rpg titles!!!  Which are better may I add, than this title!!
From what I read about Metropolis Street Racer I expected a solid racing game with speed but got neither. The game favors no contact driving instead of fun...uh I mean speed. Imagine a racing gamme with no speed...who on earth could think of such a dumb concept its like a Sonic game without speed or a Doom type game without gunsReally a sad disapointment. The graphics are okay but the game play SUCKS!! Avoid this like SARS
horrible graphics, bad controls, annoying guy in your ear saying &quot;no tangos in site&quot;  It took me about 30 minutes to beat on the hard difficulty level.  I bought it back when it cost 70 bucks, plus i thought i had to buy a control pack to save a game.  You dont need to save a game, because if you cant beat it in one sitting  you shouldnt be play video games.  Go out and buy a ps2 and play some real games (n64 is dead)
I am a professional gamer and this is the hardest game  i have ever played, not only that, but there is rarely any action to it, so dont let the beginning fool you, this game is worth it if you are professional, i beat it, but not very many people have, ... the worst buy i have ever bought, so dont get it unless it's cheap
RPGs are my favorite genre.  Especially action ones, which are few and far between.  I was hoping this would be another &quot;Zelda&quot; or &quot;Alundra&quot; with better graphics.  But it was simply annoying.  I cringed the first time I heard Musashi's HORRID voice, and every other time I heard it.  Big disappointment.  The game was promoted as an RPG, but it doesn't remind me of an RPG.  It's an annoying adventure game with annoying voice acting.  The &quot;hero&quot; looks and sounds like a bratty ten year old. Definitely not for everyone, especially someone expecting a typical RPG.  Don't disappoint yourself like I did.  This is the first time I ever returned a game, in the same night to boot! Rent it first!
Busido Blade 2 is as original as fighting games get.  One strike one kill style Asain sword fighting. As for how that translates to game play though,  give me a boreing old overhead life bar anyday.  The rounds in Busido  Blade 2 last seconds.  It is near imposible to block a sword strike!  In  the origional you could at least defend yourself a bit making it a much  better game.  So only play this if you are the most die hard fighting fan.  I will take Tekken 3, or Street Fighter Alpha 3 over this every day and  twice on Sunday!
This game is fairly primitive, both in gameplay and in graphics.  It's a straight-up fighting game that pretends to have a story and a purpose--but basically you go from fight to fight, and that's about it.  I hardly ever play fighting games, or any games really, and I finished the game with one character in about a half hour.  Supposedly they expect you to play through with every character, but hearing each character's voice or slightly different way of fighting is hardly a reward.  Compared to a game like Virtua Fighter 2, this game pales, and I'm sure there are lots more martial arts games out there that are more worth your time.
I was reading through some of the glowing reviews for this and I still can't believe that no one has called this game for what it is, a Turkey! The fighting system is garbage. The graphics where ugly. The play controls are so awful it makes me wispful for Pit Fighter. There are cameos from Final Fantasy 7 that you can unlock, if thats your thing. If you are like most people who enjoy a good fighting game for what it is, I promise you will not be too moved by this novelty. You may care even less if you hated Final Fantasy 7, like myself. I would compare this fighting game license title to LucasArts Star Wars: Masters of Ter&auml;s K&auml;si. If you are a fan boy who gobbles up everything Square pooped out in the last 20 years and called it candy, then this is for you. You probably didn't read my review and already purchased this game along with a Tifa body Pillow. I would like to close with the inescapable truth that Capcom can make good RPG's but Square cannot make good fighting games, deal with it!
This is basically a chicks game, with toned down action, and horror themes designed to appeal to girls fears, most guys won't like it. More basically it's a failed experiment in game design. They had an interesting problem here with figuring out how to blend two contradictory game models: rpg vs survival horror, or leveling vs running away... But it doesn't work. The only thing interesting to me, in concept not execution, are the battle and weapon upgrade systems. The battle system mixes real time evasion with rpg atb, the problems are: enemies too fast, mostly undodgeable area attacks, slow character and enemies cast a slow spell to make you slower,and there's no room to move in the field. The weapon system has it's own problem with annoying penalties, and inconveniences. There are serious problems with pacing and story development, cutscenes vs playtime, and level design. The writers think that techno babble is story when it's just a plot device. The are parts in the game when you'll watch/read 15 minutes of cutscene, go do something boring that takes 5 minutes(like pressing against a box tapping x trying to get it to open) and then watch/read 20 minutes of cutscenes. The difficulty of the game is annoying, it's mostly designed to move you along like a movie but then will drop in cheap insta kill attacks. A lot of the rooms are empty except for graphic decoration, there is no dramatic action, plot element, or puzzle to solve, and exist only to hold a key to the room next door. Monsters infinitely respawn at doorways, and there's no way to pass but to fight them again. The monster design ranges from silly and lame like random placement of arms and legs, down to embarrassing like the final boss, who has a giant peepee for a tail, and a n-t sack hanging off his -ss. For most of the game you'll hear the same two song: overworld arpeggio, and battle theme. Camera angles suck. I could go on critisizing but it's tedious. This game is obsolete and only of interest for game design students.
I got this game expecting a lot.  I was very disappointed.  But first the good.  The game is innovative, being a departure from the standard RPG by Squaresoft.  The battle system was a good attempt, but didn't work too  well.  The cinematic features of the game were not disappointing.  The cut  scenes were wonderful and the overall graphics were pretty good.  The  storyline was interesting as well.Unfortunately, that did not make up  for the confusing nature of the game.  The weapon modification system did  not work well, and as I said before, the battle system did not end up being  as good as it could have been.  The gameplay was not immensely fun  either.Call it my opinion, but I did not enjoy this game at all and  couldn't wait to trade it in.
It's a little late to be writing a review on such an old game, but hey this was my first play through and thought a review might help someone make a decision on whether or not to play Parasite Eve. Now a lot of reviews do a great job of summing up the flaws of this game, bad running system, very short game, super linear, etc. Here's my ultimate beef with Parasite Eve. It fails to be a worthy RPG and lacks cunning elements to be a decent horror game. I ordered French Toast with hot maple syrup and sausage on the side and what do I get? A dry lukewarm bowl of oatmeal and no milk. BleH!My Other Beefs With Parasite Eve's:-Cut scenes before boss battles. Anyone who likes RPG's knows how utterly frustrating it can be having to watch the same cinematic before a hard boss fight.-Bad weapon system. Why use a rocket launcher when you can upgrade a pistol to do just as much damage as well as make you act faster in battle? Whoever was assigned to work on this part of the game was in my opinion lazy.-Two discs only 14 hours of gameplay. What?? Already mentioned in other posts too.-Linear, Linear, LinEAR!!! Ok not Final Fantasy 13 Linear, but close to it.-Boring story. Think of a corny Scifi movie and there you have it. Nothing new or exciting. If anything the story borrows on Resident Evil and tries to mix in it's own thing. Whatever that is because I totally missed it. Same old, same old.-Adding techno music to a game isn't a great idea if you're going for horror. It's catchy, but destroys the mood when you're in a dark hall and there's creepy ambient noise. Then all of a sudden Pu-ch Pu-ch Pu-ch, *surrounded my monster.-Sad last boss battle. It's a fairly easy win, but here's the catch. After the battle you have to run from the creature through a ship. Think Resident Evil 6 Ada story, but if you take a wrong turn and it catches you guess what? Game over start over from last save point. Only your last save point was before the 10 minute cut scene before the boss and the 10 minute boss fight. So after all the failed attempts just to run from the boss you're looking at a 3 hour last boss battle due to failing to run away from it.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now Parasite Eve does have good graphics for its time and a very nice soundtrack with some catchy tunes. Is this enough to make it a great game? In this case no...Ahem... check please. It's just lacking way too much to be worth while as many others have already mentioned here on Amazon and doesn't really pull out anything unique.Also on a side note if you're a Christian I highly recommend skipping this one as it manages to drop the name "Jesus" twice in the first five minutes of game play. Then four minutes later you find a journal that mentions the bad guy wanting to " sell their soul to the devil." Mix that in with a bunch of "Hells" and "God" throughout the whole game.I bring this up because I've played a lot of RPG's in my time. I mean A LOT. And it's very uncommon for stuff like this to be said in a Fantasy game, especially on this level. Poor choice of dialogue, the guy who translated this to English should have been fired. I'm sure you wont find this type of dialogue in the original Japanese translation.It's games like Parasite Eve that make me ask "Why." Why don't I have millions of dollars to make a game to show them how it's done. That would be great, but I don't. So I'm stuck just throwing in my two cents on how and how not to make a game. *sighAnywho, all is not lost. If you're looking for a classic RPG that's worth while why not check out -Vagrant Story- or -Threads Of Fate-. A few months back I played -Vagrant Story- and it was actually pretty decent. Solid story and gameplay. Very similar to Parasite Eve minus all the bad stuff.Thanks for reading, hope this helps.
To anyone who is trying to play this game today, I just want to say that I played this under optimal conditions (Christmas break, 1998) at the height of my PS1 gaming power...and this game was extremely, extraordinarly mediocre. I know that a lot of people are falling over themselves to play the sequel, but you have to ask yourself, if a sausage factory like Square has waited over 10 years to make a sequel to one of their most (at the time) expensive franchises...was it really all that great?The game had a few good perks to it (customizable weapons, beautiful CG cutscenes, a pretty unique storyline for an RPG at the time), but if you play it without the rose colored glasses of nostalgia and collectibility, you will find an utterly mediocre gaming experience. I beat the game from start to finish, and at the end of it I could only say "I spent 30 hours of my life on this?!?"I gave it 2 stars mostly because it was a risk on Square's part to break away from the successful Final Fantasy/sci-fi settings, which is commendable in itself, and I had approximately 2-3 hours of enjoyment out of it, but if you're seriously looking to spend $180 on this game, it's not worth it!
Over the years I played Road Rash and had many happy memories with it... actually it wasn't this game, it was Road Rash 64. This game is a disaster, and a blight to the Road Rash franchise. To start off, the combat mechanics really don't work and feel and haphazard. Unlike Road Rash 64, which has smooth and tight combat mechanics and controls, this game doesn't do just about everything right with the controls. It has a stupid driving mechanic; you use the second analog stick to drive while using R1 to attack. WHAT THE F***?! WHAT'S SO HARD ABOUT USING THE X BUTTON TO DRIVE?! Next, is the crashing. When you get knocked off your motorcycle you have to run back to get your bike. With Road Rash 64 you get put back on your bike automatically, as with this game you have to find your bike and get back on it. The graphics are better looking than Road Rash 64's and the character models aren't recycled, but this game is incredibly flawed and not fun (especially when a car randomly appears in front of you and you get hit). This game is so disatisfactory that I'm going to change my Road Rash 64 review and give it a higher rating. Avoid this game retro fans, you will hate yourself for playing it.
I own Saga Frontier one and it isn't as bad this is.  Why can't these SaGa Frontier games be good?  I thought that this game would be different.  No longer competely non-linear gameplay.  There is a story that is very evident how who are supposed to follow it.  Not like Saga Frontier where you could wander around for three hours and still not know what you wher doing.  The battle system reminded me of old Game Boy games.  You can only use this weapon 50 times and the attacks are incredibly weak quick whack the enemy again.  I'm sorry but I am a firm believer that weapons shouldn't have a fixed usage to them.  I believe that they should break on a rare occasion but they shouldn't have fixed number of times to use.  The story goes between two characters that you choose which one to follow.  At least they took a better stab at making a better story for the characters than they did last time.  The battle system is also very complex.  There are three types and sometimes it really confuses the player as to the differences between the three (and there are differences).  The game's music has never been a strong point.  I didn't care for it at all.  Some of it was really good the rest sounded really bad.  The graphics are beautiful though.  They look very similar to those in Legend of Mana (same artists I think) and they will bowl you over.  If you like graphics and don't care about anything else with a game enjoy.  Otherwise don't waste your money.
This must be better as a PC game. Now I see why it was so cheap. The controls and maneuvering are so ridiculously difficult to learn and master. And the game has no tutorial or any way to learn what all the little squares and whatnot mean. I spent over an hour trying to figure it out on my own and couldn't so I put it down and never picked it back up. I hear the one for the PC is a real classic and very enjoyable though!
good idea bad try.nobody well come to ur town.none simciy games r playable
this game is boring and all you do is build very boring buildings with no detail...you take 3 hours to build a city that is not even detail enough to see people or cars or anything going on!...
From what people make this game out to be, it was supposed to be the &quot;best game of all time&quot; perhaps, but I saw it completely different. I dunno if it is just me, but I found this games storyline incredibly boring, the battle system was OK in some areas, and the music was absolutely dreadful. Let me break it down for you....Music: 1/5...Why? Because it repeats the same tunes over...and over...and OVER AGAIN. The reason I gave it one star, is because when you first hear the music it sounds good, but after hearing it in so many areas throughout the game, its tedious and very annoying. And when it comes down to it I wasn't very satisfied with the music to begin with. Like for example, most of the areas in the game will play the same exact music, so it gets very repetitive.Storyline: 2/5I found the storyline pretty horrific as far as being interesting and captivating. Not once in the game did I really care about the characters or what was really going on. And there is so much talking in this game I could probably fall asleep after drinking 10 glasses of cafe mocha...To be blunt...there is way too much talking...and the story isnt explained till the end. So throughout the whole game you are confused about what the heck is going on.Entertainment- 3/5Why am i giving it a decent score for entertainment? Well there are a lot of interesting mini games here and playing in the xenogears mixed with humans is also interesting.Playability- 4/5This is probably the only good part about this game. You can actually jump around here (unlike most RPGs) and there is plenty to explore in your environment. This sometimes makes traveling through long boring dungeons...not so dull.Graphics- 3.5/5The graphics are alright, not good enough to give four stars, but pretty good for when it came out. I am a sucker for 3d playstation one style graphics...kinda the old-school style that playstation RPGs used to have. If you are looking for final fantasy 8 graphics....you wont find them here.Overall- 2.5/5If you have a lot of time on your hands...or like playing games for extended periods of time...this is for you.I however, do not enjoy playing games for 80 hours just to see the ending. Yes thats right...80 + hours just to finish it off, not including finishing everything such as side quests...just the storyline. How someone can sit through 80 hours of jabbering and a boring storyline...and let's not forget annoying music...I have no idea. I hope some day I will understand why this game is considered to be so great...but I don't think it will happen.Do i recommend this? Nope.
I loved the Sim Theme Park game on PC, and when my brother got a PS1 for his birthday I went right out and bought the Sim Theme Park for Playstation1. Well, I was dissapointed. The graphics have been reduced greatly. It is also difficult to create a park (in my opinion), and the it takes a while for our version to load. However, there may be a scratch or so on it, since I did get it used (I am cheap lol). However, most Playstation 1 games have lower graphics so, it isn't that bad. But honestly, I like the PC version much better than the PS1 version.Pros:1) Fun creating your own theme park2) The great PC game comes to PS1!Cons:1) PC version better2) Low graphics3) Controls are difficult
I think Nintendo 64 was probably the worst Nintendo system next to the standard NES.The standard NES had a strong library of games but that didnt matter because only 3 or 4 have a save option. Nintendo 64 on the other hand has strong graphics and a short amount of games. There are only 4 or 5 games on this system that are worth owning unlike Game Cube's 15. The graphics are not a weakness what is a weakness is that Nintendo 64 just didnt have enough quality games.Super Mario 64,Super Smash Bros,F Zero X,Ms Pacman Maze Madness are the only N64 games worth owning. Those games almost make up for the limited number of games.Its still worth owning because of its great games but dont get your hopes up after all these years there have been only about 4 or 5 games worth owning.The Super NES also had a pretty limited supply of games but managed to be one of the best systems ever made because the 5 or so games for it were masterpieces.I suggest you get a Game Cube because it has more worthwhile games than any other Nintendo system before it.
It is a known fact that the N64 got its barn doors blown off in the system wars.  Upstart Sony took the technology that was to be the foundation of the SNES CD-ROM add-on, and proceeded to give the world the Sony Playstation, and they've been on top of the biz ever since.  The N64 was crippled by Nintendo's stale conservative business attitudes, a lack of games aimed at anyone over the age of 10, and an expensive cartridge medium that required inflated prices to recoup any sort of profit from.And that is where we stand today: Nintendo's current contender, Gamecube, is being smacked around by both Sony (PS2) and Microsoft (XBox) and as if that isn't enough humiliation, Nintendo still wants consumers to shell out 100 bones for what amounts to a 1995 model automobile.Are there good games to be played on the N64?  Of course.  It's just ludicrous to expect the game-buying public to pay the equivalent of Gamecube prices for an outdated, dead, way-past-the-prime-it-never-had system.  It's a shame, because there are some fine titles to be had, but no one will buy them when they can simply sink those funds into a state-of-the-art machine.Dumb marketing, thy name is Nintendo.
I found this game more aggravating than enjoyable, and was constantly reloading maps to try and place my units in a more strategic area...which I wasn't very successful at.  When my units did have LOS enough to &quot;fire&quot; they spent most of the time yelling about &quot;no clear shot&quot;.  Meanwhile, the Americans can do little to nothing to stop the German tanks, while in reality a well placed round from a Sherman, AT gun or even a bazooka could at least immobilize a german tank.  The computer controlled german tanks have 100% comprehension of the terrain and even the layout of units they shouldn't be able to see, firing all the way across the map.  The computer controlled mortar crews can knock out every half track and armored car you own, while in reality they shouldn't even be able to see them  yet, while your mortar crews are useless most of the time.  The player controlled units are slow, their turrets are usually traversing the wrong direction and they are always &quot;aiming&quot; and rarely firing.  A target can come around the corner, its turret already rotating and knock out a sherman before you can even make its turret line up to fire.  Very, very annoying when American armor is in such short supply...but it lacks punch anyway.  Watching the historical accounts of tank battles, 5 shermans in real life could knock out even a tiger...in this game they can only draw fire to themselves while not doing a bit of damage to the enemy...can't I at least immobilize a panzer once in a while...throw me a bone here.  However the infantry units are great, fighting a hopeless battle until the panzers show up to blow 'em to hell.I found CC3 to be more forgiving to sunday gamers, with the russian T34's and tank destroyers being an even match for panzers.  I would love to see an AT rifle score at least one hit on a tank though...some day maybe.
the only advantage to purchasing the cd set is that it comes with a manual / playbook.  but you will get the "anox.exe encountered a problem and needs to close" error, so you will have to download the digital version from gog.  i am playing the digital version, and find it ok.  you walk around talking to people, and if you like games like that, ... .  i prefer strategy games like starcraft and warcraft.  homeworld is good also.with homeworld, i could put my system to standby, and when it came out of standby, i could pick up where i left off.  it was that stable.  homeworld's gameplay is flawless.  just about the only other game that played this well, of the classics, is starseige tribes, and you need to download an update to play that because all the original servers are no longer up.i loved the stability of homeworld, that it played perfectly out of the box.i can't say the same of arachronox, which constantly gives me "anox.exe encountered a problem and needs to close".  i couldn't find a patch.  i downloaded the gog version, which plays well.xeno clash, installed steam then stopped.mirror's edge, wouldn't run without an internet connection.about the game:i have never got to play arachronox without encountering some problem.  the gameplay is horrible.  get starseige or homeworld or starcraft.  (update: i've been running the gog version of this game and it is stable.)
This game is boring because it's all the same. If you get a different pokemon, it doesnt matter. you do the same thing over and over. You attack and beat and attack and beat. It's too easy too. I thought Pokemon Snap was MUCH better! That game was one of my favorites. This game just has no point. Fighting is the only thing you do. I mean the gameboy pokemon was better than this one! You get to go on an adventure and find things and get items! That was fun. This is fighting ONLY. Boring! If you want a good pokemon game get any of them for gameboy including Yellow, Blue, Red, Gold, Silver. Or even better, get pokemon snap!
Well, I can't say that Nintendo made false promises...the game gives you your Pokemon in all their 3D glory, with their cute little attacks in 64  bit graphic splendor.What else, you ask?  Well, that's the problem.  There isn't anything else.  This game is fun if you and your friend want to  play Pokemon with better graphics.  There is almost nothing else to do with  this game:  although it offers multiple other features, none of these  merits any praise.For example, the game comes with 9 &quot;mini  games&quot; of sorts...which are all basically variations of each other in  that they all require mindless button mashing.  Some require TIMED button  mashing...woo hoo.  The only one that speaks to be something worth anyone's  time is the Clefairy memory game, which requires you to remember sequences  of arrows and repeat them within a time limit.  These games get real old,  real fast.  But that's why its worth RENTING, not buying.  Blockbuster will  even give you the nifty little controller pack to upload your pokemon  should you so desire.&quot;But it comes with other stuff too, you biased  punk!&quot;  It does?  Oh yeah, that silly single player thing where you  can fight against a bunch of ridiculously easy trainers to...earn nothing.  No exp, cool items, secret endings, or anything interesting like that.  Why  bother when you could be kicking the living crud out of the elite four  again and again for experience?The one redeeming thing about this game  is the single player one-on-one vs computer mode.  You choose 6 pokemon -  all level 50 - and your opponent does the same.  These pokemon all have  attacks pre-assigned to them - and higher evolutions aren't necessarily  better, because the lower evolutions have superior attacks (so that  everyone isnt choosing charizard over cute lil ol charmander).  In essence,  the only way to win is pure strategy, because you can't go out and level  your pokemon a bajillion levels and try to use brute force.But then  again, the primary audience of Pokemon is little kids.  And since when do  little kids use strategy in these games?  Excuse me while I go knock on  wood.Again, to summarize, its a renter, not a buyer.  It'll keep you  entertained for a night or two, and is GREAT for pokemon trainer parties,  but beyond that, the game is a waste of everyone's money.
The only reason this got two stars were the mini games which aren't near the quality of Mario Party games or pretty much anything else. What this game is is the annoying random battles from RPGs without the fun magic systems, plotlines, or general gameplay. Transfer pak adds nothing to the replay value and will be worthless on the n64, avoid.
Is it me or is this game really boring, repetitive commentary, pointless competitions, no advancement for beginners to masters, and even the "fun" little party games are quick and boring. There are several parts to the game, the challenge road where you go through six Pokemon categories each getting more difficult. There is the freestyle where you battle against other Pokemasters or your friends. There are even nine party games which get old very fast. You are supposed to use your own Pokemon from your Gameboy pack, but there is a way to cheat by using the rental Pokemon which comes with all 150 Pokemon (instead of having to earn them). Even children get bored quickly of the game. There is a good part to the Pokemon Stadium package, it comes with a piece of hardware that lets you play your Gameboy on the N64. This also is not a RPG like the Pokemon Gameboy games are.
I may not be a Pokemon fan anymore, but I LOVED the series when I was a lot younger (Fun Fact: A Jirachi card was what motivated me to ride my bike). Actually, I'd probably go play Pokemon Sapphire again if I were to come back to Pokemon fandom. Now, let me tell you: I'm not one to troll Nintendo. I'm a HUGE Nintendo fanboy, just so you know (See lots of my other reviews for proof).But then when you look at Pokemon Stadium, you'd probably think: "OMG POKEMON ON NINTENDO 64!!!" It would be one of the best Nintendo games ever, considering how awesome the series was on Game Boy, right? WRONG.Pokemon Stadium isn't what you'd expect to be the next big entry in the franchise. Rather than it being an RPG, the series's turn-based battles replace it all! It's all about fighting your Pokemon. Nothing else. In turned-based battles. How the heck is that supposed to work? It's not. If it's an RPG with that stuff, then we'd be all over it. You CAN'T have the turn-based battles make up a whole game by itself.Okay, maybe it actually isn't ALL about the turn-based battles. There are minigames, and some of them can be rather interesting. But they only remind you that this should have been an RPG. We had to wait for Pokemon Colosseum to give us the experience that we really needed. This should be left alone, as one of Nintendo's few pieces of crap. At least the graphics were amazing for the N64.
A game where you play as a trainer and command Pok&eacute;mon to fight other trainers, sounds awesome right? Pok&eacute;mon Stadium is possibly one of the worst Nintendo games I have ever played. Now, when I was a kid it was really fun to do the free for all mode and chose the best Pok&eacute;mon the game had to offer, but after you played that a few times it was time to shut off the Nintendo and plug in another game. There is no main story to keep you involved, its only tournaments after tournaments. In retrospect, the idea of a Pok&eacute;mon battle game sounds amazing, but if you thought it was going to be anything like the hit Pok&eacute;mon games on the Gameboy your surely mistaken. The one thing this game had going for itself was its stunning graphics. Pok&eacute;mon Stadium used the Nintendo 64 to its full use on detail in this game, but the soundboard on the game can get slightly tedious and annoying. With an announcer restating every move you just made over the loudspeaker, it makes you want to play the game with the sounds off, and if your going to play it with the sound off you might as well not play it at all.Overall I give this game a 2 out of 5. It has great graphics, but the game couldn't seem to pinpoint the certain aspects of a Pok&eacute;mon game that its players love; the story and the adventure side.
At first Mario Party 2 seems like one of the best games. Don't get tricked. After a while, Mario Party 2, will be the most boring thing ever. The minigames will get old and it just won't be fun. The multiplayer mode is good for partys but even then will get lame. This is a rental only.
The controls in this game are confusing, because you can't tell what the messages or options mean.  However, if you want to play this kind of game, I recommend reading the instruction manual daily.  Why?  Because the rules are completely forgettable.  Otherwise, this game may not be worth playing, unless you have a partner to help you play it.
the transfer pak only works on a limited number of games and u wont use it a lot unless u have pokemon stadium or perfect dark.if u have those games and hvae game boy versions of them, buy this. If u dont theres not a real reason to buy this if u dont own those games.
This pak is basically only for the Pokemon Stadium game, which is quite fun for me, since I love the strategy of Pokemon. Anyway, I got this and did not know that Pokemon Gold did not work with Pokemon Stadium (1) and I also discovered that you cannot mix and match Pokemon. For example, load one pokemon into the game and then rent pokemon of that type. Maybe I am not very experienced with this, or did not read up on the product more. However, if you can get it for a low price it is interesting. But, it hasn't worked for me since I lost my Pokemon Red game...Pros:1) You can add more pokemon that you cannot rent2) You can play the gameboy version3) It is a low price (especially when you get it used)Cons:1) Not enough games that work for it2) Simply, not really much point
If you have a Gameshark, get this game. I thought it would be easy, but now I need a Gameshark. I named my Pikachu Rocky and it only says &quot;Pika&quot; on Stadium. If you're good at Stadium, you could get this game too. Get if you can beat Red and Blue without cheating. That is what Yellow is like without a GameShark. I can't even pass Celadon City because Pikachu is so scared.
This is the so called &quot;Better version&quot; of pokemon blue and Red. The only thing that's better is that you can get Charmander , Squitle , and bulbasaur. the graphics chanmged a little bit and Pikachu is the only pokemon that cries it's name!!! Why is that? But Pikachu learns new atyttacks like: Dulble team at Lv.15. It raises your Envade. Slam at Lv 20 . A normal phsical attack . and Thunderbolt at Lv.26. Pikachu is your starting pokemon. But It can't evovle. Raichu like kicks ass. Raichu has one attack Pikachu doesn't, Mega Punch. for people that don't know this but sometimes you nmeed to make some of your pokemon to elvove to mlearn new moves.
There are good zombie games and there are bad zombie games and i hate to say this but this game has to go under bad zombie games.The gameplay itself is fun but when was it invented that zombies could shoot machine guns?Also the plot is not so good who wants to chase after a young man who does not want to show his face to until the very end.My last gripe about this game is the graphics are aful for a system that is supposed to have very good graphics.The reason i even rated this two stars is one it gets a star for booting up and two for having some creativity but not much creativity at all though do not get me wrong.
Once you play the first scene, all others are the same. You have the same type of customers and the same moves within the cities. I got bored after 30 minutes of play. The only highlight of the game were the soundtrack from hit bands, The Offsprings and Bad Religion. One of the bad games Sega had made.
Pick people up and drive them through an impressively rendered city to a limited number of destinations. Along the way you can chase people off the sidewalk, bang into cars, dodge traffic and even drive across the bottom of the ocean, but so what? You can't shift except to put it in forward and reverse. The car acts as though the wheels were under the center. There's no power sliding around corners. People always get out of the way on time. Some of the roll overs look realistic, but there's no real damage. You almost never get up to speed as there are so many obstacles and sharp turns. The cars all handle about the same.This is the kind of feel good game. It all takes place on a bright summer day. The convertible taxi's go bombing around with their tops down, but I get a little stressed with all the rush rush and the traffic. I just don't feel like this is that much fun. It's stressful and tedious. People say this is a racing game, but it really isn't. It's a driving game, sort of a fake driving game and I think it's best suited for an arcade where the glitzy graphics can pull people in for a couple of rides and then let them get on with their lives. Playing it for more than a few minutes just shows you how little it has to offer. I don't think they even have different views and I'm sick of this town, San Francisco.If you want a decent racing game, get Need for Speed for PSX or even Ridge Racer. At least RR had powerslides.Oh yeah. The music sucks and the chatter gets old even faster than the game.
D2 has it's moments but for the most part this game is just plain boring.  The graphics are stellar, the cinematics were well done and the controls  are pretty easy to learn, but when it comes to actual gameplay, there is a  lack there of.  The game consists of four discs of little more then  repetive cgi movies.  You control a women who never speeks on camera but  supposidly does off.  You are forced to trek back and forth to the same  spots over and over again killing the same monsters in the same spots the  same way each time.  90% of the time you will have no control of what is  going on and just sit back and watch.  And for every little thing your  character does, open doors, pick up an item and so on, you are forced to  watch a quick cut scene, Everytime.  It gets very old very fast.  For those  who actualy like to play games rather then look over your friends shoulder  and watch, look elsewhere.  Don't even bother with this coaster.
This is not a game it is a completely computer rendered movie with good Dialogue decent story and wonderful music.  The problem is I play video games to play and this title lacks gameplay in a woeful manner.  You switch modes so there is some upclose gun battles alot of em in fact thats all the gameplay really consists of besides wandering around.  The hunting mode is fun for about ten minutes until you master it.  I would buy this game for under  twenty bucks and be happy with the entertainment value I got from the FMV's and the soundtrack both of which are incredible.  If you are looking for a scary little movie that you push along you might just like it but rent first.
I definitely don't care for nonlinear games.  I may go back and try to solve this one again some day, but for now, I prefer games with puzzles and progress.  I did a lot of dying the few attempts I made at the Last Express.
Traveling on the Orient Express amidst intrigue may be perfect ingredients for an adventure game, but in the case of "The Last Express" the souffl&eacute; still collapsed. Starting with the unorganized activities that are required of your character, plus a dash of the bizarre, "The Last Express" is a messy, depressing game. This, combined with some hopelessly outdated graphics, make this game one that I wouldn't recommend.The game is mostly in first person, yet you do see the main character in the third person. Unfortunately, the creators of "The Last Express" decided not to use real actors in the game like "Myst" and "Titanic: Adventure out of Time" did. They instead digitalized the characters, a mistake in a time before the technology was there to make semi-realistic-looking computer animated people. The result is that the characters in "The Last Express" look like cartoons.Another fact to take into consideration about this game is the "real time" aspect. Instead of events being exclusively triggered by another, the character sometimes is required to "wait" until a certain amount of time has passed for the next part of the game. This was not much of a problem, except in one part of the game where you must wait to get to the next station.By themselves, the cartoon-style of the characters, plus the "real time" aspects of the game, aren't a big problem. A big problem with the game is in regards to the plot. It's confusing and what the character is supposed to be accomplishing is not explicitly explained. Ever. The game takes place before World War I, and involves international intrigue, with sinister Communists and Germans. Eventually, you can glean information, but basically you are dumped on a villain-infested train with no clear goals. However, that's just the beginning. The plot, which is rather an unorganized one, also takes on some bizarre twists. First, the game includes a strange dream sequence, which gives the game with a strange atmosphere. The ending of the game also includes an incredibly unrealistic and bizarre sequence. SPOILERS FOLLOW!!!! The main character also falls in love with a woman on the train, whose life he saves at least once. At the end of the game, she leaves him at the station, handing over her dog to him for safe keeping. The game closes with the dog barking mournfully. It was a depressing ending to a strange game. END OF SPOILERS!!!!Also be warmed that there is violence in this game-literal throat slitting, gunplay and hand-to-hand combat-although he character animation makes the blood look very fake. Still, if you don't like this kind of thing, avoid this game.My recommendation is not to play this game. The plot is uncoordinated with a depressing ending, and the outdated graphics don't help at all. If you like the spy/espionage thing, tryTitanic: Adventure out of Timewhich has an excellent plot and takes place around the same time. And if the Orient Express interests you, tryAgatha Christie : Murder on the Orient Expressinstead of this game.
This game [stinks].  ...  Buy it if you want to occupy yourself for 1-2 days.  It's basically doing the same thing over, trying to achieve new goals that each mission sets.  Not much of an RPG, juz plain strategy with a medival theme.
The game is a typical real time strategy/tactics. It combines elements from familiar Microprose games (e.g. Masters of Magic) with real time components. The major drawback of the game is that there's really not much to do - the game kind of plays itself. You only contribute by building buildings and telling them to produce units. The mechanism for controlling the units is kind of awkward, even if somewhat different than other games. You set a price on a territory to explore or a bad guy to kill and the units respond based on their character. There's no way to give specific commands to units. The game gets old really fast, the variations in strategy from one scenario to the next are negligible. It's interesting at first but gets boring very quickly. In addition the scenarios are kind of easy. I gave it up after the first two hours. I think you can find tons of better RT strategy games. I am a huge fan of the Microprose titles and this was a big time dissapointment.
In my book, [this] is a major investment for any &quot;game&quot;, so when you plunk down that much green, you'd better end up green with envy that you weren't the one responsible for designing such  an amazing product.  In the case of Gunship! you'll see plenty of green but  only in the form of the aircraft, the ground, the trees (did I mention the  ground?) and loads of lifeless buildings stacked together like some  survivalist compound.  The excitement in Gunship! hardly went further than  the slick graphics and screen shots on the box.  As for performance, the  play of this title is just plain... plain, sort of like Cream of Wheat if  you don't cook it with a pinch of salt, all the sugar in the world wont  help, and it doesn't help Gunship! So to avoid that familiar dull sinking  feeling you get in your gut and your wallet because you've been lured once  again into the cold murky depths by the Sirens Song (i.e. slick packaging),  wait until it goes on sale or you can get it in your local second-time  around software store for [less]...
I was really desprite to get this game because I wanted ahelicopter Gunship game.  I had Commanche Gold but that was good for beginers. I wanted something more advanced.  I bought this.Here is my two cents.  This game was terrible. DO NOT LISTEN TO ANYONE SAYING IT IS GOOD.  If you really want a good Attack helicopter game get &quot;Eenemy Engaged: RAH-66 Commanche vs. Ka-52 Hokum B: Aligator&quot; Long name but good game.  Now back to Gunship.  As everyone said the waypoont system just plain doesn't work, you have to go through a whole menu system and it only worked for me during the demo.  The CP/G is a usless jerk who never does anything you say.  And if you play as the CP/G the pilot always gets you killed.  Firing a missile at the target YOU want is nearly impossible and for [the price] this is just a real rip off.So in a summary all I can say is don't buy this buy somethiung else...
Like I have said before when I reviewed Tiberium Sun, Westwood provided a excellent battle interface and look.  Now I just want Westwood to give a game with a good storyline.  In Tiberium Sun, it was horrible how they gave James Earl Jones and Michael Biehn such a...bad storyline to act to.Now in Firestorm, we have to relive all the nonsense again.  Why did I buy this add-on?  First of all I got it for dirt cheap and I wanted to see what the new units had to offer.  Firestorm is truly the worst add-on pack that Westwood has ever made.  At least the orginal CC add-on pack had the dinosaur levels.  Why anyone would want to play the same storyline twice is beyond me.  The AI is truly stupid.  On the GDI side, just amass a large group of Orca bombers and you can obliterate anything, and on NOD side, you can pretty much Sub APC engineers and steal all your enemy's buildings and easily defeat them.  I finished the add-on in one day.  The add-on is that pathetic.The Add-on is centered on one thing, DESTROY CABAL.  Now, I happen to think that CABAL is pretty kewl, especially when you are working with him.  But now you have to destroy him twice in both campaigns.  One of the new units, the Reaper, you do not get to build or create which is pretty much useless.  And in the last mission on NOD campaign, CABAL attacks you with both NOD and GDI units.  The computer always has to cheat doesn't it?  The game play is still unbalanced and you can whiz thru most missions like a breeze.I don't recommend this unless you are really bored and want to play thru 9 missions on both sides that follow the same storyline.  I truly hope Red Alert 2 will be a improvement.  I really don't think anything can top the storyline in the orginal Command and Conquer.
Like many of the other previous reviewers, I bought the game because the demo was outstanding. I'm finding in practice that the game really doesn't measure up, however.To Ground Control's credit, this is probably the  best 3D land-based RTS game to come out yet. However, it still doesn't  manage to escape from a lot of the shortcomings of its fellow 3D  RTS's.The nature of 3D RTS, at least so far, seems to be that units are  more 'realistically' proportional to the terrain. While that may be nice on  paper, in gameplay what it translates to is that you spend hours moving  your units from one place on the map to the other, because they're so small  in proportion to the terrain. In fighting battles, you're obligated to zoom  out to such an extent that each unit is only a blip of a few pixels on your  screen--not much fun to watch or look at while directing the troops.I  don't find the elimination of resource management to be a plus for Ground  Control. What that ends up meaning is that there is no reinforcement  available for you to build or buy; you can't simply play and have fun if  you want to try different things in a mission. You have to carefully and  tediously position your units so as to incur as few losses as possible. Add  to this the fact that there is NO in-game saving in Ground Control, and you  find yourself playing very carefully and tediously indeed.Topping this  off, there just isn't a good story happening here to keep you interested.  It's mostly told through the thoughts of the two side commanders rather  than through good character and dialog. The cutscenes are hands-down the  worst I've ever seen--they are videos of the game engine, it looks like,  and they're so badly compressed that they look like they're being streamed  over the web--blocky, blurry, and awful to watch.On the positive side,  the game does look great, especially when you zoom in close to the units  fighting. It plays better on lower-end systems than other games of its  type, but you'll still need a blistering machine if you want to see it in  its full glory.Be warned also that it's not entirely stable. A patch was  released the day after it hit retail, but not all of the bugs are out of  it. One of the worst is that it will crash on completion of a mission, and  you don't get credited with the mission. I've spent more hours replaying  because of this than I'd care to admit.As a former Army officer, I think  there are some cool tactical things happening in Ground Control that  haven't been modeled well in other games--friendly fire, fire support,  formations--but in the end, when all is said and done, I have to say that  the game just isn't that much fun to play.You're getting 90% of the  experience in the demo. If it really floats your boat after seeing it, then  maybe you should try it. Other than that, buyer beware.
I loved Fallout 3 and mostly enjoyed Fallout: New Vegas, so I decided to give one of the older games a try and was pretty let down. The main problem with the game is that it's very unresponsive. Things occur so slowly that you cant be sure whether or not the game has even registered that you did an action or not.If you're dying to play this game and are willing to put in the time it takes to deal with the finicky controls then you may enjoy yourself, but those looking for a quick fallout fix should just check out fallout's great wiki.
DOA2 is a fun game to play with friends that can play it also.First off the game has NO extras. That in itself is disappointing!Secondly, the single player game [...] BIG time. As a result the team battles and versus battles with friends are all you will have to hang on to.These 2 flaws really killed the game for me. I love extras and a good single player mode since I can't have friends over everyday.On the plus side, the graphics are great and the gameplay is fun, espically with friends. I'll recommend this game as a good game to play with friends. If you don't have that option then you couls let it slip by.
After playing DOA Ultimate for Xbox, people may be tempted to buy this version for Dreamcast. Don't bother, this version for Dreamcast is extremely boring. It has zero replay value. This game is garbage compared to the better Xbox versions.Other Dreamcast games that are 100 times better: Virtua Fighter 3, Soul Calibur, and Project Justice. These 3 games are excellent and are only available on Dreamcast.
Just when you thought it was safe to put off Baldurs Gate, here comes Icewind Dale.  A magnificent combination of BG and the older games in the gold box series.  Dungeon hacking and roleplaying at their best.In  Icewind Dale, you form an entire party of your Player Characters, compared  other BG engine games in which you were allowed one main player.  This  makes it more fun, allowing you to watch your adventurers progress one at a  time as they grow so much more powerful than they were when the game  began.Another added bonus is the addition of new spells and monsters.  The enemy AI is stronger, and the new monsters such as mind flayers will  provide enough fun and frustration to make this game a challenge for any  level player.Look out Diablo 2, Icewind Dale is a major contender to  knock you off the number one spot!  One error for Diable 2 and its gone,  because Icewind Dale is perfect.
Fails. I've never played baldurs gate. I remember my sister asking to so I asked my dad to play Icewind Dale. He set this up for me and I remember playing to the Vale of Shadows. I stopped about half way through. The most ignorant part about the games is the battles. As you go they get increasingly frequent. I hate haveing to fight a skeleton with 2 hp every other second. As for fighting, the game lacks as it is more of a point and click.I started playing again from the middle of the Vale, and finally got out of there. I then went to a temple which was alright. After that I realized that I was going to another dungeon type cave. This time, I read a strategy guide to find out that it was about 5 levels of fighting. That's not fun. That is not fun at all. I could respect a short game with few battles, but when I fight battles every other minute just to drag out something... It almost seems meaningless after a while.Anyways, I stopped playing there and decided to remake my party earlier today. I am enjoying it more, mostly because I know to make really powerful fighters and forget about druids. My druid last game killed about 15 units. My main character killed about 300. This can only tell you that my druid was bad. Fortunately I was able to change him later in the game. Although when I did, I got stuck with a level 1 character who was easily killed off. So yea, don't think because you can change your party means you will be changing later in the game. The feature is useless because by the time you discover just how bad your fighter is, the game will be too hard for you to change.The game does a great job in voice actors though. The fact that I create my entire party is fine. The graphics could use some work. I get tired and bored of the same old dark environments every other minute. Even the snow seems depressing. Other than that, the game offers repetitive battles and little more. Online play isn't fun at all considering on gamespy there are usually one or 2 games going. Once you do get in the game you will learn that everyone exported characters who fought enemies on easy and had the option &quot;max hp on level up&quot; set.Here's some advice, go play baldurs gate. My sis, sister is playing it again. She is enjoying it. This game is bland, depressing, and repetitive. Sorry but don't get it unless you wanna blow 5 bucks.
....  It's ... frustrating, too the point that it isn't fun.  I'm an avid gamer.  It's fun to "role-play" low level characters.  An orc or two can be a very scary thing.  This doesn't translate well to a computer game that wipes out an entire party in ten seconds even with the "AI" scripts on.  The visuals are cool, but I wish I would have plunked my money down for something else.  This game does not deliver.  Boring linear plot and hack-n-die.  Buy some dice, a figure and paper for a real roleplaying game.
I would have liked to play this game but it would not cooperate. It kept crashing, crashing, crashing. I wish developers would finish a game before they release it.
Lara looks like a stick insect and there are so many moves and controls it's very confusing. Also, i didn't even know where to go and the enemies are stupid. Do not go out and buy this, either hire it first or don't  bother at all.
this game is the worst. it has bad gameplay and bad graphics, so what ever you dodont buy this game.
This game really isn't as good as WWF Smackdown!2, but I think that it has 2 things in it that should of been carried over to the sequel. One, You can Re-name your finishing move so it sounds cooler, like if your name is Jack, You can do the Jackcold Stunner instead of Stonecold, the other, in this version you can see the move names as you do them, it was really helpful when I had a Backyard Wrestling Federation, it made choreographing the matches easier.
THIS WAS THE FIRST OF THE SMACKDOWN GAMES. WHILE IT WAS VERY FUN TO PLAY WHEN IT WAS FIRST RELEASED, THIS GAME IS ALMOST UNPLAYABLE TODAY! BEING THAT WE GOT MUCH FASTER GAMES LIKE SMACKDOWN; SHUT YOUR MOUTH AND SMACKDOWN; HERE COMES THE PAIN. THE GAMEPLAY IS ACTUALLY VERY SLOW [WHICH IS SOMETHING I'VE BEGAN NOTICING RECENTLY] THE CONTROLS AREN'T AS ADVANCED AS THE LATER GAMES ARE, AND YOU'LL JUST BE WASTING MONEY BUYING THIS GAME WHEN YOU CAN GET ONE OF THE MORE RECENT SMACKDOWN GAMES. DON'T PICK THIS ONE UP NOW. IT ALREADY SEEMS DATED AND POINTLESS NOW.
This will also be my review for every subsequent SmackDown! game. After WCW started to lose popularity, THQ started to do WWF-themed wrestling games. When it did, even beginning on the N64, there were hints that they were turning what was a good system into complete crap. They finally succeded (so to speak, if that was their actual intent) when they started the SmackDown! series. I have no problems with the graphics, the entrances, or the sound in this game. I have the biggest problem however with the gameplay and how the game controls.First off, they gave the game arcade style feel and controls. Big mistake. They also made it more like the actual show: you have to continually punch the guy before you can start doing grappling moves. I may be in the minority, but constantly punching a guy gets old fast. I want to be able to start throwing suplexes and hitting piledrivers right off the bat. Secondly, the game's A.I. has gotten extremely intelligent. Too intelligent. The game can kick your ass unless you're a great gamer, and I'm just average, maybe a little below. Mainly because of the counter system. The game goes like this: punch, punch, punch, punch, grapple, move-counter move-counter move, etc. You'll get countered excessively, and your counters won't work most of the time. Yes, it is a lot like the actual wrestling you watch on TV, but for a wrestling game to be fun in my opinion, it can't be realistic in terms of following how an actual wrestling match would go. I don't want to spend over an hour or more in a match, 15-30 minutes is plenty, unless it's a Royal Rumble-type match.THQ threw out the window the great grappling engine they had with the N64 games and has replaced it with this tripe. I honestly don't understand what the fans see in this series of game. I guess if you like your matches in the game to follow how the matches on the show work, and you enjoy the actual wrestling to a be a chore and full of non-stop punching and countering, than this is the game for you. If you want an actual FUN wrestling game, then I suggest you stick with THQ's WCW games on the N64. At least then, they had the right idea.
Well, where do I start?  We all know about the basics.......the lack of tech support, the missing roleplaying element, and the incredible lag. But it isn't these things that make this game so horrid to play.  One can wing  it without tech support........and I have on MANY occasions, out of  necessity........I can also wait out lag or just reconnect.  I missed the  &quot;Quest&quot; part of Everquest.....but still managed to get some  enjoyment out of the graphics.  Now.....here's the REAL reason why you  shouldn't get EverQuest.  After around level 15 or so (if you are a  talented soloist), you are FORCED to group to gain levels. That's right  folks.  You have NO choice in the matter.  Guess what this means?  This  means you have to group with 5 other vicious, backstabbing whining,  complaining 13 year olds that have absolutely no respect and little if any  regard for you.  I'd much rather put my trust in a rabid pit bull than  trust the life of my character to a cleric who plays like a  wizard.Enough said.  You will probably buy this game.....and probably  think back on this review and say &quot;Well, he was right after all&quot;.  And I have only one thing to say to that.........I TOLD YOU SO.
I tried playing this game, but right from the start, I knew I was in trouble. No matter what I changed in the video options or on my monitor, this game was just too dark. The first guy I talked to I couldn't even see and the item he left me I couldn't find because it was just too dark. This is the only game I have had this problem with. It could be an awesome game, but I will never know.
Yes, I went out and bought this new TR installment, and I have to admit that it isn't that great.  Although titled TR: The Lost Artifact, it is in fact the equivalent of TRIII Gold; however, since this installment doesn't include the original TRIII levels, Eidos has simply marketed this offering as an expansion pack to the TR series.The choice not to  release TLA as part of the Gold series is a flaw, to be honest.  New gamers  who are perhaps unfamiliar with the TR series are forced to purchase BOTH  TRIII and TLA.  For gamers familiar with TR, there is (as of yet) no rebate  offer available to owners of TRIII and rumors abound that the TLA levels  will not be available for future free download (such as with TR Gold).  Put  simply, Eidos's marketing strategy for TLA is awful strange.All this  would be moot, of course, if TLA was a blast to play.  Sadly, however, it  has the feel of leftover levels rather than new crucial levels.  I had no  problems completing this game.  I was never once stumped by any of the  puzzles.  In truth, I finished the six levels in breathtaking time.  I  admit, however, that I did a pathetic job at finding all the secrets.  So,  possibly, I may have missed some treasured gameplaying nuggets.  Secrets  aside, though, the levels should still be fun, challenging, and involving.  A classic TR level, with challenging puzzles, should take HOURS to  complete.  None of the levels in TLA took me more than a single hour.So,  unless your a TR fanatic, I'd stay away from this one.  Or I'd at least  wait until the price dramatically drops.
Might and Magic VIII was really a dissapointment when I first played it.  It has the same game engine as its most recent prequil, but with some downsides. First you only get to create one character, your main character,  and the rest of your party is filled up with characters you meet. Second,  and lastly, the characters are ugly expecially the male knights. If your a  diehard Might and Magic fan (like me) you should definitely buy it (to add  to your collection) if not stay away from it.  I don't like to dis Might  and Magic, but when a product stinks, it stinks.
Having played M&amp;M6 and M&amp;M7, I was really looking forward to this game.  Unfortunately, once I started I lost interest pretty quickly.  It is so similar to the earlier games that I felt I was just replaying one of the  other titles.My biggest problem is that there have been few if any  upgrades to the basic game engine since #6.  Don't get me wrong, I like the  basic game engine.  The world looks interesting and is easy to navigate.  However, some of the problems that first bothered me in 6 have become even  more annoying in the later titles.  Namely:HOARDS OF UNINTELLIGENT  MONSTERS: All monsters in the M&amp;M universe behave in exactly the same  way.  Once they see you, they charge to attack.  (OK.  A few will shoot at  you from range, but the principle is still the same.) No opponents use even  rudimentary tactics. As a result, every fight feels the same.  And there  are A LOT of fights.  There are so many damn monsters in this game that  your finger will get sore from pressing the attack key, and the repetition  gets pretty mind numbing.  In particular, I got sick of the pirates on the  first island.  There's a trigger zone that creates new ones every time you  enter it.  How many times do we really want to kill the same monster  off?MONSTERS DON'T REACT TO EVENTS AROUND THEM: The game uses the tired  D&amp;D cliche of the dungeon crawl.  That is, you go into the first room,  kill everything there. Rest.  Move on to next room.  Repeat.  Guards in  other rooms don't react to your presence until you attack them, even if  that is months later.  Frankly, I would be happier if the next game in the  series used a system like the one in Fallout 2, where all the guards in a  complex react in a coordinated way to your presence once they realize that  you are there.  This forces you to use stealth, dialog skills, and to  really think about who you attack and when.THE STORY IS STILL VERY  LINEAR: Basically, you have a bunch of quests you have to do.  You have no  real choices in who you ally yourself with and who you attack.  The world  consists of people you talk to and people you kill, with no overlap between  the two.THE NPC SYSTEM COULD BE VASTLY IMPROVED:  You have no choice in  how you handle NPC's.  You hear what they have to say, then do their quests  for them.  I would much rather see the game move towards an NPC systme like  the one in Fallout 2, which is really quite good. Your lead character's INT  determines how many things he can think of to say, and his oratory skill  determines how well he can lie and manipulate people.  And you always seem  to have at least two or three different ways to approach any  NPC.Overall, my big problem with this game is that there just isn't a  lot of thinking involved, or much freedom of action for the player.  You  slog your way through endless fights against repetitive and brainless  monsters, only to collect a reward and then do more of the same.
I have long been a fan of this series and I jumped at thechance to get the next game.  I knew before hand that the graphicswould not be the best around, but that wasn't important.  The problem was the game felt hollow.  There was much less of a plot then any of the others in the series, and was overall disappointing.  The gameplay isn't that bad, but I wouldn't recommend this game for any but the most stalwart fans of the series.Might and Magic 6 and 7 were great games in my opinion.
This game could have been so much more.  The hack and slash action is not even fun, it just get's tedious and boring.  I have to admit the graphic's are spectacular, but that does not make this a great game.  Rune contains lot's of jumping from object to object, which will get boring after they first introduce it into the game.  The game also had no depth whatsoever.  I never just want to play it for fun, because I felt there almost is no fun in this game.  In my opinion, if you are going to get a hack and slash action game GET BLADE OF DARKNESS.
...should have been the title. Which is a shame, because the opening sequences were well done and promised a good, solid FPS/3PS with a unique feel, and it performed well and looked very good on my computer. I especially enjoyed the underwater sequences with floating bodies, a sunken ship, and nasty looking fish, but the game soon deteriorated into endless hacking and chopping of an army of large crab-like beasts through never-ending caverns, all the while on my knees. Combine this with a monosyllabic &quot;hero&quot;....no, wait. &quot;Monosyllabic&quot; implies some form of speech or communication. This Neanderthal doesn't even grunt. Conan the Barbarian is a poet compared to this guy and I'm supposed to care whether he lives or dies? Either way, I didn't make it through the first level before I returned the game. Perhaps you will have more patience than I.
A Little To Fast And A Little To Short, But This Game Comes With Expansion That Gives The Campaign More Missions That You Have To Unlock In Different Difficulties, which I find very useless.
Challenging? No, Impossible is more like it! Just remember to download the cheat codes first before playing this game, you'll need them.The graphics, sound and user interface are exceptional but those features are over-shadowed by the short amount of time players stay alive in the game. This is not really a serious gaming experience, its more of an exercise in futility. The only time you'll last longer than an alka-seltzer tablet in a glass of water is when you play as the Predator and even then your life span is not that long.  The alien can't heal and the marine is the ultimate victim. The game settings should not be &quot;Easy&quot;, &quot;Medium&quot; and &quot;Hard&quot;; they should be changed to &quot;Slow Suicide&quot;, &quot;Quick Death&quot; and &quot;Don't Bother Fighting Back&quot;.
Alien Vs Predator is a first person shooter. AVP has a very poor AI and does not have much of a storyline, It is just a get from point A to point B by killing everything that comes in your way. You could play as three different charecters Alien, Predator and a Colonial Marine.ALIEN : The Alien levels compared to the others are very easy. It does not have any weapons besides it's claws and tail, So to kill someone it needs to get very near the enemy, But a couple of attacks could kill the enemy. It moves really fast and can walk on walls or any surfaces. It can see clearly even in darkness. The alien gameplay is orginal and a initially a lot of fun but gets boring fast because the same thing happens in every level, No new weapons or new enemies.MARINE : The marine levels are very difficult and quite unplayable. He has a lot of weapons but is given only a few for the levels and sometimes after the level completion the weapons collected are taken away and is given only a few. Each level have a lot of monstors but you can't see them comming because the levels are very dark and you need to use the image intesifier to look ahead, It makes the dark areas green and the bright areas white, If you fire a weapon with the image intense on the screen becomes white and you cant see where the enemey is. One minuite you could be walking with full health and aurmor but before you know it zero health, zero aurmor and game over. The marine levels are very difficult even on the easy difficulty.PREDATOR : Compared to the marine the predator levels are very easy but not as easy as the alien. The predator moves very slowly and can become almost invisible, It has many weapons and can take a lot of damage. The predator has four types of visions to see in total darkness and it can also heal itself.Each of the three charecters have six levels each, If you complete a charecter you could unlock a few bonus missions, And the number of bonus missions that is unlocked depends on the difficulty you play. AVP Gold has a limited number of saves depending on the difficulty. I would recommend you to play on the hardest difficulty (Director's Cut), Though it would be very difficult it would unlock many bonus mission, I don't think there is any difference between the difficulties besides the number of saves you are limited. AVP's graphics are sound are ok, The special effects are very good. Compared to the other games it ran very smooth and it did not crash much either. Alien Vs Predator is a good game but only for very good gamers, It is the most hardest and the most frustrating game i have ever played.
Sent back, did not work.
this game kinda stinks.you go talk to this old dude who gives you these long drawn out battle plans.then you watch these long drawn out cut scenes.then you go into these map/worlds.when you get near an enemy,you fight.well,sort of.the computer does everything.theres a lot of complicated planning involved.theres no clear cut way to figure out anything.its a real pain in the hiney.whats more is i dont belive i even saw any ogres.of course im only on like level 2 since the game is totaly screwed.i bought it used and the guy before me only got that far too.no wonder i got this so cheap.this game will use up all of your extra brain space.if you thought out how to beat it.you wouldnt have the brain sense left to eat cheerios.someone would have to run you an iv.youd almost have to be like freakin fixated on its ended.its totaly freakin ridiculous.and then ,as youre being slain by little people with sticks,even though youre sporting a dragon,you are helpless to defend yourself.it sucks.
Tenchu2 itself isn't an utterly terrible game--I know I've put in a good  10 hours or more on it, but what's frustrating is how there is so much  promise and so much failure both in the same package.  The feel of the game  is that Activision rushed this one out the door, and throughout the game  you'll find bugs, glitches and all sorts of annoying problems that would  lead one to believe that the game wasn't even beta tested.  Here's my list  of gripes:-The controls are worse than Tenchu 1:  Of course, Tenchu 1 is  clunky but they are even worse here.  A lot of would-be perfect kills will  get ruined because what should have landed you right on top of your enemy  has you rolling out in front of them or some other stupid  stunt.-Ridiculous AI:  Tenchu 1 did not have the best AI but it was far  superior to this.  I've walked in front of guards and had them not see me.  On the other hand, some guards are capable of seeing me through the back of  their head.  Also, guards quickly forget your presence and seem completely  uninterested in pursuing you once you are out of sight.  Yup, you can be  one foot away from them but under water, and neither can they see through  the water nor are they patient enough to wait even a minute to see if  you'll resurface (nor wonder why a bamboo air-pipe is suddenly sticking out  of the water.)  This is really a let down given that there were reports  that the AI would be vastly improved, guards noting blood running along a  stream or looking for fallen bodies (blood doesn't run down stream in the  game anyway.)  Other guards can see you without even being present.  This  is a neat trick when your KI meter is in the teens or lower and you can't  see anyone but they can see you.-Graphic interface or whatever you want  to call it:  Graphics are just plain sloppy--my ninja is often teleported  up four feet instead of actually having to climb or jump over fences  anymore .  In the same manner, when dragging bodies I've been able to leave  them hanging in mid air, as though supported by an invisible floor of  glass.-Graphics in general:  Sometimes the backgrounds go through  objects (IE you can see the sun and clouds THROUGH a wall of mountains.  Also, sometimes you can see guards out of your perriphrial vision but not  straight ahead.-Inconsistancy with stealth kills:  Again, not only can  guards see you out of the back of their head, but some -cannot- be stealth  killed. PERIOD.  This wasn't evident until playing Tatsumaru's 'labor  shortage' level where certain guards could not be knocked unconscious even  with 20 tries or so.  Incidentally, this level seems nearly unbeatable and  I think gives even more evidence that this was a rushed job.  With 20 tries  on this level, I could not beat it, and I can't say I really want to  anymore.-Difficulty level:  A good friend of mine nearly sold this  within the first week until we dug up the cheat code.  The game is nearly  unplayable without the armor, but it is almost impossible to get a grand  master, so you can't get the armor. This would be different if I could  start looting guards for blow darts on level 1, but even then, those are  useless against bosses, and between the combination of worsened controls,  bad camera angles and 'two hits and your dead' boss damage, Activision has  managed to take all the fun out of Tenchu and turned it into a tedious and  frustrating derision of the first game.-Voice assignment:  This is  thefunniest glitch.  Sometimes the voices of the guards are the wrong  gender, and probably the glitch that had me laughing the hardest was when  the shark started talking.  C'mon folks!  The shark should not talk.  Please test your game before releasing it.-Mission editor is a joke:  Ok, this isn't really a glitch, but really, I can't even make roofs in this  thing.  The saving grace would have been being able to make an island full  of cats or something, but all you get are boring people (maybe you can make  a bunch of godha's samurai and evil samurai line up like some insane  football game?)My overall take on this game is that while Activision  certainly added a lot of new things to make Tenchu the 5/5 it should have  been, they lost it where it really counted--the outstanding game play that  made Tenchu 1.  Sure, Tenchu 2 has a lot of improvements, but none of this  makes up for the lack of AI, a soundtrack, good controls, and an  environment that reacts in a realistic way instead of one that has so many  bugs in it I never know how it will react.I sincerely hope Tenchu 3  will be the game this should have been.  There are a lot of great ideas  here, but they just seem so poorly executed that it makes one long for the  game this should have been. It's still somewhat enjoyable (especially with  the cheat codes), and its glitchyness is sometimes amusing, but all and all  it isn't worth the $40 price tag--maybe you should look around your local  vendors...my used copy will be showing up soon :)
The seller was Galactics. I paid 5 bucks. It worked fine on my PC running Windows XP Home SP3.This is a space simulation game. The graphics are a bit dated. The controls are awkward (lots of different keystrokes to remember for various actions/movement)...that made it tedious. The story is mediocre...nothing new.I had high hopes based on all the positive reviews.I played and enjoyedFreelancer. This is not like Freelancer; the graphics are better than Freelancer, but the game play and controls are not.For me, it's not a keeper.Visit my Amazon Collections to see my 4-star and 5-star PC games:http://www.amazon.com/gp/customers/A12LH2100CKQO/collections
Mr. Cage?  I love your games, but this just sucked!  Oh why do they make me type so many words...
There is nothing to do in this game its very redundant.Its only fun for 30 or so minutes...It is way too short also...But it is very detailed,like when you swipe your sword on the wall the sword will bounce back and make a spark and most games just have the sword go through the wall...The graphics are very good.The gameplay is ok,the guy swipes the sword fast as hell,the bosses are easy,or most of them are.I reccomend buying this game if you wont get tired of stuff and like a lot of bloodlust.
This has to be the worst idea ever. Sonic used the Genesis console's high-tech processor to run at amazing speeds. He would run through a loop-de-loop. He slid down water slides. He jumped so high that you could see Star Light Zone's night sky. Can an 8-bit processor do that? No. When Sonic runs in this, it gets really glitchy. My game got confused and shot Sonic to the end of the level. The controls are not as accurate as the Genesis game, they lag a little bit and have bad traction. The zones are built terribly. Green Hill Zone has had every signiture loop-de-loop removed. Bridge Zone was an awful auto-scrolling "bridge" that had a horrible collision system. Sonic jumps onto a scale and waits for the rock to fall on the other side, but it does not bounce him high enough to reach land. He ends up falling and dying. Sometimes the pieces on the bridge fall (not a glitch), but the issue is that so many fall that the game starts to lag. Do not get this game.Game Gear games I recommend:Sonic BlastSonic Triple TroubleSonic DriftGenesis games I recommend:Sonic the HedgehogSonic the Hedgehog 2Sonic 3 and Knuckles
This game was too easy, too stupide, not enough challange, shall I go on?  After so many good games for this creampuff he finally got into a bad game.  Let's hope this is only a fluke like for Sonic (Who made a number of bad  games after &quot;Sonic &amp; Knuckles&quot;) before we got &quot;Sonic  Adventure.&quot;
If you have played this game in the arcade or on a Dreamcast unit you know how fast and colorful a fighting game this one is.  Truth is it is one of  the best 2D figthers you can play.Here is the bad news though,  if you  own a Playstation and want this translation you will be disapointed when  you play.  First of all the lack of the tag feature really does kill this  game.  Without being able to tag in another teamate mid battle it takes  away some of the games statagy.  I think it also seems to move and load  much slower on the playstation than in the Dreamcast.  We just have to face  it, this game is a next generation game on a five year old piece of  hardware, and it just does not live up to its true potential.  I love my  plastation, but I have to advise all to pass on Marvel vs. Capcom for it.  Play Street Fighter Alpha 3 instead if you insist on getting the best 2D  fighting action you can out of your old Playstation box.
I'm a big time 2D fighting veteran and I can tell which fighter is worth playing all over and which is worth ditching. Marvel VS Capcom for the PlayStation is an example of one of those 2D fighters that needs to be ditched. But don't get me wrong ! I actually liked the game...on the Dreamcast and arcade. The PlayStation version of Marvel VS Capcom is just swarming with a whole lot of flaws. Trust me ! This is not arcade perfect ! Most of the times, arcade translations that go to the PlayStation come out imperfect like this one. The graphics are just horrible ! Sure the characters and stages look colorful, but if you pay attention to the framerates of the animations, you'll notice that the characters don't move smoothly or move faster. The audio, sounds great. Music tracks and sound effects are brilliant, but nothing special at all. And as for the gameplay, just horrible. And the lack of a tag feature ? Now this is really going overboard ! Just like in Marvel Super Heroes VS Street Fighter for the PlayStation, you have to call up your character to do a one-hit special move. If you want the tag feature, you'll have use the cross over mode, but this feature doesn't emulate the tag features on the superior arcade and Dreamcast versions. The controls could've been slicker, but instead, it ended up choppy. It seems that the PlayStation controller was not meant for great games like this. All in all, the PSX version of Marvel VS Capcom is a big letdown. Choppy animation, choppy controls, lack of a tag feature, and long loading times during the beginning of each fight really makes this game look like a zero. If you want the real Marvel VS Capcom experience, I'd say buy the Dreamcast version of Marvel VS Capcom or spare a few quarters or tokens to play the arcade version. The DC version of Marvel VS Capcom featured flawless animations, awesome graphics, hyper fast controls, no loading times, and a tag feature. Now that's an arcade perfect translation of one of the best 2D arcade fighters of all time ! The DC version is definently worth the money and worth your time ! Please ! Whatever you do, avoid the PSX version ! This version of Marvel VS Capcom is a disgrace to Capcom's ever expanding lineup of 2D fighters ! Not really something to use your money on !
The dreamcast is the WAY better version to get as this one is too slow and too easy.The playstation port of this game is sadly inept, i am a PSX fan but this game does stand short to the over versions.
#1 - VISIBILITY. I had to screw with the brightness on my television just so I could see the opening screen right. Everything is in a million shades of green, and you'll be constantly running into obstacles, trying to turn yourself around while an enemy slowly chips away at your health.#2 - DIFFICULTY. On the easist setting, I still can only get three levels into the game. It's not that I'm a lousy gamer, it's just that certain spots where there may be a concentration of plastic helicoptors, infantry, etc., are next to impossible to get around. I let a friend who is an excellent gamer borrow it for a week, and he couldn't get any farther than I did.#3 - TWO-PLAYER MODE. Two-player modes are supposed to be fun. This one, well... isn't. The levels are too big, and you'll spend ten minutes hunting down your friend's flag, and once one of you gets the other's flag, it's too easy to cross back over into your territory without getting caught.Please, I beg of you, don't make this an impulse buy like I did! Rent first, and even then you'll probably feel like you've wasted your money. (1.5 stars)
Yes, to a highschool kid working at Mcdonald's for five fifteen (have to spell it out for amazon) an hour 40 bucks was a lot! Even though there was the internet it was still growing. You still couldn't find a review for every game you were interested in buying. Sometimes it still came down to word of mouth or hoping there was an open copy you could play at funcoland. I however went by word of mouth. Sure, this is a great game try it you'll like it. Like a sucker I put down my big 40 which was probably 3/4ths of my total paycheck. I smiled in joy as a road the bus home with my new found game. Yiiipppieeeeee! I couldn't wait! I come home and pop this wonderful gem in. Of course this game is badass! how can I go wrong look at that hardcore cover. A soldier that's ready for war what more could you want? Then the game starts and I begin to play it. The screen is dark too dark I can't see anything. I adjust the brightness on my television. I'm a little green guy who shoots pellets or maybe bullets out his gun in a horrible looking world with horrible aiming and horrible controls that make the entire screen move awkwardly with each step. I think to myself this will get better this is probably just like this on the first stage. Then as I play I realize that it doesn't change... it never changes. It's just green globe of pixels that shoots a horribly aimed weapon in a dimly lit world. How could this be? How could what could have been a fun game be so crappy? Even in PS1 days this game was unacceptable. That comes from a guy that plays PS1 games still in 2011! This game slowly crushed my gaming dreams and made me hate the name 3DO! I cursed it and spat at it. I immediately went back to the story and tried to make an excuse to return the game. I told them it was defective and that the game was too dark to see (actually that was more of the truth than anything else). I begged and pleaded with the manager but unfortunately she showed me a new copy of the game, opened it before my eyes (smashing my hopes of returning it as new), and handed it to me. I looked down in my hands at a new copy of the same turd I just tried to flush. I took the game and walked out the store with my head hung low. A month later that toys store burned down. I smiled as I passed by. A feel of ease that no one would have to suffer anymore and knowing that numerous copies of Army Men world war had perished in that fire. Yes, I had one that war. I lost the battle when I returned it but I won in the end.P.S. I didn't start the fire.
I bought X-Men:Mutant Academy as an X-Men fan. I wanted to like it, but it was just awful.  The graphics suck, the sounds are cheap, and the whole game itself is all around cheesey.  No way that this game is worth the money; go buy some X-Men comics instead.
This is the most boring game for game boy. All of the moves are kick, punch, rage. That is it. If you want a good game, i would agree. I would get street fighter alpha 2
Not so much a game as a mild thumb workout, 'Mutant Academy' looks nice  (it's by the same people who did the excellent GBC version of 'Street  Fighter Alpha') but is much too easy. You can quite literally win every  fight by holding down 'right' and pressing the 'A' button extremely  quickly, and it's surprising that the creators didn't spot this before they  released the game. There are plenty of X-people to play as, and there's a  handy 'VS' mode so that you can bore a friend, but unless you deliberately  handicap yourself this isn't much of a game, which is a shame as there  aren't many decent beat-em-ups on the GBC.
Here is yet another poor X-Men game for the GBC courtesy of Activision, only this one is the worst.  While the PS1 version of X-Men: Mutant Academy wasn't half bad, this GBC conversion is downright terrible thanks to the clunky controls, insanely easy difficulty, bland backgrounds, and scratchy sound.  While the player animations are colorful, they are quite jerky, and while the selection of fighters is nice, there is just something more to be desired.  All in all, even if your the biggest X-Men fan, leave this game on the shelf, it's terrible.
I'm a pretty good gamer, but sometimes there's a few little hidden &quot;extras&quot; in a game worth checking out.  GameShark lets you do it.  If you're patient.  And have a lot of time.  And don't mind HOPING that your codes work after you swith the GS disc with the game.  And don't care that it doesn't fit in port 1, so many games it works for can't even use it. ....
i'm going to guess these people make console games or wish they didThis game is 3rd person, a *really* bad choice for this game. The camera is often stuck behind thingsThis game is hard. That's OK, but you can't save a game, and you *will* die thanks to some surprises, so expect to get bored playing the same thing over and overThere are only 11 maps i think, and most are _very_ small. The game is short, although they stretch out the game play by preventing you from saving the gameIt's a minor complaint, but why don't any of these Asian gangsters recognize a tall, white, albino, bald guy with a UPC code on his head? Is his disguise of a shirt and pants really that good?There are numerous bugs. Or maybe they aren't bugs, just bad design choices. For example, you can't walk through a guarded gate unless you first touch someone who has walked through it - bizareThis could have been a really good game, but it isn't.
The initial thought of the game seems good enough: trying to break down the all-too-linear approach to first person shooters, and give the player alternative ways to finish off your objectivies. But this is exactly where the game fails. The missions are clearly designed for two specific approaches: (1) Blast your way through (which is remarkably easy) or follow a very fixed stealth route. The first level could be an example. Here you are supposed to assassin an important trial member. You can then either choose to shoot everything that moves, or get on top of a building an snipe the target. Those are basically your two options. And quite frankly, I had expected a much more open gameplay.The computer A.I. is also horribly bad. On one level, you can easily stand against a corner, shoot two guards that are in the room, and then wait for other guards to come running in and shoot them too (all the time you hardly take a hit). Here's another example: At one point you're supposed to kill a trial leader. After having disguised yourself as a waiter, you attempt to give him a poisened bowl of soup. Unfortunately for the trial leader's bodyguard, he has to taste the soup and ends up dying. There's a cinematic gunfight where the leader escapes. Now here's the thing: after the gunfight, everything returns to normal and all the trial guards in the resturaunt doesn't seem to have noticed anything.The positive thing about the game are the graphics. The movement of the characters are fairly realistic. I especially like dragging corpses behind me and watch how their bodies bump into furniture and such. If you try dumping a body over a toilet, you'll see how it slumps down the side and falls to rest on the floor. Very nice. The jungle levels are also impressive, with the trees and the plants.But as they say: gameplay above graphics, and here &quot;Hitman&quot; fails miserably.
..Until I read Rob Matthews' review of this game. I am also stuck on the training mission. I never got past it since I would go up the elevator, shoot a guard and then wind up at the beginning. This is a bug to end all bugs. It felt like I was in that Star Trek episode where they kept repeating the same day over and over again.I had high hopes for this game...
Looking at the box of this game i expected it to be really cool, and from reading all the reviews that say it was good, but when i bought it, it was a very large dissapointment.  After the first few missions the game becomes so frustrating, that you will want to break your computer.  The controls are very messed up, and the camera fews always get stuck on walls so you can not see anything.  This game is frustrating because 90% of the game is trial and error.  If you go the wrong way you become ..., because most of the missions are timed ... so you lose the mission.  I got to admit the visuals in this game are very eye pleasing, but it doesn't not make this game worth the ... that it is.  HC47 also had tons of glitches and bugs in its system which eventually ... the ... out of you.  Well my opinion is not to buy this game, but u can try it for yourself, and see what you think
Yes, this game is amazingly difficult, as the &quot;Cons&quot; say up above. The enemies do the same thing every time you play the level, so basically you just play the same level over and over to find out the scripting of that level so you can make an attempt to beat it. And quick, your hit might leave, so it's timed. Also, it took me an hour to beat the tutorial, which is required. And, even worse, you can't save during levels which makes it frustrating. Barely over 10 small maps. Maybe a few more. Bad Game.
I got this game cause my cousin gave it to me.  The concept sounded awesome - like you're this hitman going around doing missions and killing people.  To be honest, I have not finished the game.  The action is very slow paced.  You have to plan things out.  There's no way you can finish a map the first try cause you have to know the pattern.  For example, when the limo driver makes his routine routes, or when the bad guys go inside the shops, or when the bystanders are not looking, etc.... At first it starts out really fun - like everyone has mentioned.  But as I progressed in the game, the missions got a lot bigger, harder, and more complex.  Even the maps get more bigger and it's so big that it takes forever to get around.  sometimes you have to do 6 sub-missions on one map, which can suck because if you screw up on the 4th sub-mission, for example, then you gotta start all over again.  basically it's a lot of trial and error.  I'm more into fast paced games like Half life and counter-strike and Unreal tournament and Delta Force so this wasn't my type of game.  I basically got bored of this game and it does get frustrating.  Maybe it'll be better with a cheat or whatever.  But I'm going back to playing counter-strike and Unreal Tournament.  It's time to pass this game to my other cousin.
I had looked forward to this game for months.  It installed without incident.  The problem I had was the tutorial, beginning with the elevator (lesson #4).  The booklet says to &quot;call elevator&quot;.  I didn't have to because the elevator was already there with its door open.  Then the instructions are to click on the control panel and select &quot;basement level 3&quot;.  Clicking on the control panel did not work.  What did work was to spin wildly inside the elevator clicking on the walls and everything else until it moved.  Then I go to the very last Lesson (9) with the sniper rifle.  I could not put it down and was unable to finish the tutorial, and as a result could not play the game.  This game is loaded with bugs.  Don't take my word for it--go to eidosinteractive.com and look at the forums for Hitman.  I wasn't the only one to have trouble in the elevator.
After purchasing Deux Ex and falling in love with that game, I looked within the Eidos family to find another FPS with the same kind of action and functionality as Deus Ex, after reading many good reviews on Hitman I decided to give it a day in court.  I just want to say that Hitman is a satisfying game in its own right, but when compared to Soldier of Fortune and Deus Ex it simply can't hold its water.  So I urge you to give Deus Ex a try, and give Hitman a go only if you have a day to spare to fly through it.
I got this game thinking it would be at the very least a little bit of fun since I had never played a motocross game before, but instead it was a pathetic disappointment. First off the graphics, while not terrible, are disappointing especially since this is a relatively new game, the bikes and riders aren't well detailed and the tracks are even worse. The sound on the other hand is horrific there is absolutely no music with the exception of the opening movie, and the sound effects are BAD, your bikes engine sounds weak and there isn't any background sound (and another completely unexplainable problem, you engine sounds like it's idling whenever your bike leaves the ground even if your gunning it).  Another HUGE disappointment is that all the bikes handle exactly the same according to engine size, so a Honda 250cc and a Yamaha 250cc will handle identically! There is no real tournament mode, there is something called pro-circit where you enter a set of races to earn money but there is NO way to upgrade your bike you can't even buy a new one, as you progress though more bikes will become availible but since there all in the same engine class there is no difference, and there is no choice as to wether or not to repair your bike, so once you choose your class your just racing to keep in the black. The manual claims that teams might let you join but I found no indication of that in the actual game. The AI is almost impossible to beat and if you don't place dead last you can consider your self a great racer. The physics are contradictory because takeoffs are way overplayed but landings are almost impossible. Overall this is yet another game that could have the best of it's genre, but because of Microsoft's lack of attention to details it will be doomed to the bargain bin.
Don't get me wrong, this game isn't that bad, but there are quite a few things that I don't like about it. For one, you can only do so much stunts, that they get boring very quickly, and in no time you would get bored of the current event you are doing.There are several game types that you can choose from, like Stunts, Baja, and some others that let you go through courses. These aren't that fun, for me.I don't have much to say for this game, except I would not want anyone to get it, maybe if its in the bargain bin for 1.99..
After suffering through the first &quot;Who Wants to Be a Millionaire&quot; game, I felt hopeless. I was dazed and confused. I didn't have a whisper of hope for the future of humanity. And then I saw the second game in the series on the shelves. I said, &quot;I'd heard the questions aren't repeated as much&quot;, and I decided to buy it just to see if it was true.It's true, the questions aren't repeated as much as before. The problem is, now they're MUCH harder! It's impossible to get anything higher than $16,000 now! And since the questions don't repeat, you'll never get to the top!But what's the worst part? That's the ONLY CHANGE that was made to this game. NOTHING ELSE!!!!! It's as if the first game had no problems whatsoever! Regis is STILL appallingly rude and impatient, the &quot;Fastest Finger&quot; mode STILL doesn't let you put the four answers in order, the game STILL quits if you take too long to do things, you STILL can't skip the introduction sequence, the Phone-a-friend lifeline is STILL worthless, there's STILL no option to make the games easier or harder, you STILL only get instructions once, and there's STILL no option to use the mouse! Regis even says EXACTLY the same stuff as before!I bought the game out of total curiosity, just to see if this game was really any better than the first. As it turns out, it is virtually the EXACT SAME GAME. It has all the problems of the first, except for one which was replaced by another one!This game has not been improved one bit over the first.  The makers didn't even try to improve it.  This game displays total laziness and lack of creativity.  It's not worth one second of your time.
Okay people it's time for me to really point out reasons to NOT buy a PS2  now that I actually got several hours of gaming with this system (And five  different games) to come up with my answer!  To start out I visited my  friends house one day and saw his new Playstation 2 he had gotten.  When I  asked if we could play it, he didn't really want to (This from a guy who  has three and a half shelf's with nothing but Playstation games!!!  That's  practically every game Sony made!!!), but finally agreed.  I can now see  why.  Not only were the games NOTHING Sony promised us (They said the games  were going to be a revolution.  I fail to see how.).  For one thing the  graphics are nothing that the Dreamcast hasn't offered us.  For onther  things were still getting the sames games over, and over!  Just with better  graphics!  No internet play (SEGA already has an advantage with that in  mind!), and didn't Sony promise us it would be compatable with Playstation  games?  I thought so too.  But only 3 of the 27 games we tried to do this  with worked!  And it didn't enhance the graphics!!!  The DVD player is  nothing but trash also.  It won't play many movies, and those it does play  don't have very good quality!  Plus DVD players are on cell phones  practically, why would we want them on a game counsel (Especally if you've  already got a DVD player)!?!  Plus almost all games (Playstation or  Playstation 2 games) freeze up countless times!  In Tekken because I was  fighting too fast the system froze up on me, but yet in Sonic Adventure (On  Dreamcast) I'm running on walls, jumping off buldings, and zooming around  the place at 70 miles per hour and the game doesn't glich once!!!  Now  thats sad (For Sony anyway).  And when it comes down to the worst games  I've played yet, don't expect this system to last long.  With that in mind  please be careful when buying this system, it might be worse thanyou  thought it would be.
All digimon fans out there rejoiced when this game came out, and so, so many were disappointed.  Why?  Lets see Holy Highlighter's standard breakdown:GRAPHICS:  2/10 - This game SORELY lacks, by any standards.  While I wasn't expecting it to rival high-end RPGs by high-end companies like Sony, Konami, and Square, this game's graphics are remniscent of the earliest playstation games, and I thought developers had moved far beyond this.  Blah!  Blah!  At least the FMV is decent.SOUND:  1/10 - Ok, the sound quality is just God awful.  That, and the digimon sounds are really damn annoying, like the fact that a blaringly ugly sound is made every time a legless digimon &quot;hops&quot;.  You would think that since this game would only become popular due to the TV show that they might have included the theme song...but no, of course not!CHARACTERS:  5/10 - The characters are decently developed, I suppose, and reflect the typical air-headed attitude of the TV show.  The biggest gripe of most gamers is that none of the TV characters make an appearance!  What's the point of having a Digimon game without any of the characters from the show?  Another fatal misstep on the part of the designers - most of the awesomely cool, powerful digimon from the show never show up.  There is also very little control over which digimon your basic digimon evolves into, which annoys me greatly.  The other annoying aspect is that every 2 hours of gameplay or so, your digimon dies and you have to start the process all...over...again.PLOT/STORYLINE: 2/10 - There isn't one.  That's all there is to say - the whole &quot;lets bring digimon back to file city&quot; crap is not plot, it's a pathetic excuse.  99% of the actions of the digimon do not revolve around the plot.SYSTEM/INTERFACE:  3/10 - The battle system is unique, which is the only plus this game has.  In order to make your digimon even close to usable, you have to play an assortment of &quot;minigames&quot;, where you walk up to a sign, press a button, and lo-and-behold, your digimon gains stats.  At first, I thought that letting the digimon participate longer in this game would make them gain more stat points - but it doesn't matter, so basically more mindless button mashing is all that this thing does for you.  Battling is 99% of the game, and it gets boring relatively fast, especially since every 10 seconds or so you have to feed/clean up/immunize/rest your digimon.  Even tamagotchi aren't this needy!But there must be a positive thing somewhere, right?  Well, yes, the game is amusing for about an hour, before you realize that it's just repetetive and doesn't pass off as an RPG, or an action game, or anything else for that matter.
Unlike the other reviews, i was very disappointed with the game. I was very excited the the game game out.  Love the cartoon series.  I made the mistake of purchasing it before testing it on a rental.  I thought it moved too slowly and the battles with other digimon was unstimulating.  The only good thing i can say about the game are the graphics are excellent and the sound FX are okay.  Rent this game if you can before you purchase it - just in case you do'nt like it.
Too many feedings and too many bathroom trips getsannoying fast.What did they put in the food-prunes?Whenon the training field,i often had to stop training just somy digimon could use the bathroom.Most of the time,my digimondidn't make it to the bathroom on time,resulting in a ratherunsightly little pile.Another gripe is that my digimonevolved into the practically useless Numemon 98%of thetime.I often let him get killed off until I got a digimonI liked.My advice is to rent this game.
This was greatly disapointing, at the time it was released i was highly anticipating this game. Took some years later to get around to getting a copy, and it definitely wasn't worth the wait.This is not worth even calling a game in my opinion. The fact you have to take your Digimon partner to the bathroom every 5minutes made me giveup my first game after a while of torturing myself and hoping it got better but kept getting more disapointed. If you don't take your partner to the bathroom it poops on the ground, and if you walk too close after he eats it. And the only way to clean it is for him to eat it(and it gets harder to avoid the more ''accidents'' your partner makes. Instead of a flash or something it makes you wait for your Digimon to use the potty. The character who is human don't ever eat or use the toilet(as far as i have seen), which is odd since your character is supposed to be a boy from the physical world, and your partner Digimon is supposed to be a digital monster(so you would think the reverse would be more likely).So you are left with 2 options run to the bathroom to keep your partner from having an ''accident''  or let him have accidents and once he eats so many he'll digivolve into Numemon Who is supposed to happen to digimon who are poorly trained and don't have personal cleanliness(but if you train and still make a few accidents but always feed your partner when he's hungry he will still end up Numemon). And if your traveling to follow the story, it's hard to time it so you find your way to the next bathroom before the next ''accident'' occurs.i will not buy or rent any of the next games, because this was such a failure. i mean do you train your dog to use the toilet, then watch him everytime he goes..?AGVN should review this, i mean the game is not fun at all what i have played. The sims i'll admit the characters have to use the toilet occasionally, but it's a longer time in-between bathroom breaks and you can switch between characters when one is in the bathroom you don't have to watch and wait when you just want to play the darn game.
okay i heard all the bad things about the game. but i thought nah it cant really be that bad, people are just expecting too much. well i was wrong, the game is that bad. and i tried so very very hard to like it. i love sports games and was addicted to nfl2k religiously, so when i heard sega was doing a baseball game i was waiting desperatly for it.unfortunatly it doesn't come close to even triple play 99. the graphics are at times very very good, but  they have a tendency to repeat the same things all the time. the pitcher does the same thing on the mound every time.the biggest problem is gameplay, it doesnt really have any. when you look at other baseball games out there on other systems this is sad. dreamcast has something to prove to both the people who have bought it and to psx addicts. that we havn't made a mistake in buying and supporting the system. but with a title as bad as this it doesn't help the cause.the commentary is the flatest, dullest most braindead there is. the difference in quality between nfl2k and ws2k1 is huge. nfl2k is a very cool game and nfl2k1 looks even better. if this game had been to its standard we would have had something to really write about.now my hope goes to espn baseball early next year.
I've been touting the Dream Cast's sports game for some time now. Generally they are some of the best--NFL 2K, NBA 2K, Virua Tennis... I suppose it shouldn't come as a surprise that sooner or later I'd find one that isn't that great. And I'm not surprised it is the baseball game. Unlike football and basketball, there really is no movement in a baseball game, which I think is partially responsible for how much I dislike this game. Just being baseball itself. Add that to a difficulty in pitching and batting, and the problems with fielding a ball and you've got a game that isn't real great (I remember a nintendo baseball game that was more fun, even if the graphics weren't that great). I will say that the stadiums and graphics are beautiful, but it takes more than a pretty picture to make a fun game. And this game isn't much fun.
This is the worst baseball game I ever played. I had moreenjoyment reading the negative reviews on this than actually playing this game. Every negative review about this game is 100% correct. The only good thing about this is graphics. Game play stinks (I don't want the computer fielding for me or running bases)and what ever happen to the infield fly rule. I was cought up in 5 tripple plays because the batter popped up in the infield with two men on base. This is crazy!  A total waist of money. I'm putting this game up for sale after only having it for 1 day. ... Sega need to be sued for false advertisment. Most of the info on the back of this game is false. No hot or cold zones, no 32 different pitches (if there is, the game book doesn't tell you how to throw them), can't control base running, the men on base are running on every hit ball no matter what base they're on or the amount of outs in the inning. SEGA, CAN I GET MY MONEY BACK AND AT A 10% INCREASE OF FUNDS FOR PUTTING UP WITH THIS FOR A DAY. Pedro, I like you as a Red Sox Pitcher but disappointed that you got your face on the cover of this game.oNe
I was all pumped up about Dreamcast's first baseball game. I went out and reserved the game. Bought it the day it came out, and found out that it was  a huge disappointment!  I've only played it twice so far, but I could tell  that they were in a hurry to get this game out! First of all, THERE's IS NO  HOMERUN DERBY in the game!  If you think about it, ALMOST ALL baseball  games have a home run derby. Why doesn't this game have one?  Another huge  let down was that this game only allows up to 2 players. That's pretty sad,  considering NBA2000 and NFL2000 gives you the ability of up to 4 players. I  also found that it was unusual that you have to hold down the &quot;R&quot;  button then release it to hit the ball. Also, PacBell park doesn't look  like the real one. The only thing that the game has going for it so far is  the graphics. It is by far superior then any other baseball game out there.  Now keep in mind that these were the things I caught after only playing it  twice. It probably has tons of glitches such as NBA2000 and NFL2000. Don't  get me wrong, there all great games, but they need to stop putting out  games in a hurry!
how can this game be good if you can not even control your fielders.So what i am trying to get to you is what kind of a baseball fan likes a game where the computer controls your fielders and not you.There are also other glitches in the game like sometimes in the infield your infielder runs in place before catching the groundball whitch results to the computer being safe on first.There is one good thing world series baseball 2K1 has good updated rosters for the 2000 season not the 2001 season.Also pitching to the batters can be fun but with all the glitches and not being able to control all your fielders drags the game down to a two.I really had high hopes for 2K1 to bad the game is not good.
Sega has never let us down with every release of its top-notch baseball game, World Series Baseball. It has always been the game to beat. Until now. It boggles the mind how Sega refused to even remotely worry about the people actually playing this piece of garbage. Sure, the graphics are the most superb I've ever witnessed. But the inability to control your fielders is NOT a good thing. Add that to the fact that your fielders also seem to be playing for your opponents,(I'm sorry, but you just do not wait until a line drive is right next to you before deciding to move after it.) and you've got the worst game ever. Not the worst sports game, the worst GAME EVER. PERIOD. I WOULDN'T MAKE MY WORST ENEMY PLAY THIS.Graphics: 9 - it just don't get better Control: 4 - yeah, so you can throw and swing... so what? Sound: 5 - it's a baseball game... what'd you expect, Metallica? &quot;Fun-ocity&quot;: 2 -me no like much.OVERALL: 1 star - This game is a lot like those certain girls in High School; looks good, but you still wouldn't touch it with a 10-foot pole.
A total waste of time!!  Never has a game with such potential and mouth dropping graphics been soo horrible.  I got the game thinkin I could get atleast a little enjoyment out of what seemed to be a great game.  But as I began to play a little and realized how bad the game really was I started to wonder if it was the same game as shown on the case?  But after minutes trying to convince myself that the store had made a mistake packaging, I realized I made the mistake of buying the awful game.  No lie here, the worst baseball game to date, hands down. Just take my advice, stay away!
Everyone who owned a Dreamacst couldn't wait! They were sitting on the edge of their seat just waiting and waiting for the arrival of the first baseball game for the Dreamcast! World Series Baseball 2K1.Everyone who bought it, including me was shocked. Did Sega forget that a great baseball video game is more than just graphics? When I got this game along with NBA 2K1 and NFL 2K1 I was amazed by the graphics. Preston Wilson looked, batted and threw exactly like he actually does and the stadiums were just breathtaking.I couldn't wait to get into the game so I did an exhibition game. I was stunned! There was no maual-fielding option, hitting was nearly impossible and getting through an inning without getting shelled was just as hard. I played this game for about 10 minutes trying to figure out if it was just me that I was so bad and that there was no manual-fielding, but I realized that's the way the game is. After playing once or maybe twice I put this game away for good then traded it in along with a few other games for Sonic Adventure 2 and Soul Calibur. That's probably the best move I ever had made.I now own World Series Baseball 2K2 because I knew it couldn't get any worse. The player graphics are worse, but the stadium's are more detailed. The rosters are more up-to-date, the gameplay is excellent, pitching is fun, hitting has been improved a lot and of course you can actually field unlike this game!WSB 2K1 is a terrible game. If you want a baseball game for your Dreamcast get WSB 2K2. It's awesome!
I wish that I used to review games as a job because the only way I can play World Series Baseball 2K1 is if I were paid to do it!!
This game has some cool features--the batter/pitcher matchup is reasonably good; players are (except when they're sitting on the bench) very realistic-looking.  It also doesn't eat an entire memory card like NFL 2K--just a little over half of one.The bad news, though, is that there are some INCREDIBLY big problems with gameplay.  Number one: FIELDING FIELDING FIELDING.  The worst are grounders through the &quot;gap&quot; between first and second.  The first baseman is apparently unable to move even three feet to his right in order to snag the ball.  Ugly.Number two: baserunning. How many major-leaguers have *you* seen running on an infield popup with less than two out?  Play this game at all, and you'll see guys who get paid more than the GNP of some small countries making that very same bonehead move.  The player has to physically remind his baserunners to return to base on a pop-fly.These two very large problems are enough to really take a lot of the enjoyment out of what would otherwise be a very good game.There are some other problems, too: the little graphic that shows where the ball (tiny white pixel), defensive players (tiny blue pixels) and runners (tiny yellow pixel that is nearly indistinguishable from the ball) is almost completely useless. The fans in the stands look like something out of a Nintendo 64 game. There's no way to skip past the incredibly awful renditions of the national anthem at the beginning of each game. The replays aren't very interesting. The commentary is wooden and nowhere near as well-done as in, say, one of the excellent NFL games. The controls are not always very intuitive or responsive (especially irritating when you're frantically pressing B to get your idiot baserunners to return to base while they blithely jog along, finally realizing that Oh! You want them to DO something!).  These are all pretty petty little quibbles, really, and none of them would be enough to really make this a bad game by themselves, but when combined with the fielding and baserunning problems, the annoyances just mount and mount until you want to chuck your controller at the TV.(Barely) worth the $15 I spent on it used--for the graphics and to tide me over until WSB2K2 comes out in a couple of weeks.
This game has great graphics, of course; but the game play is equally reciprocated.  In this game you are only allowed to throw and hit.  All the  excitement of robbing your opponent of a home run with a stellar catch or a  taking away a base hit with a diving catch is taken away.  You cannot play  defense at all!  Your job is to throw in the right direction, but that is  even tasking because the response time is so slow that you have to press  the throw button repeatedly.  Even if you get the throw off in time, your  player receiving the throw will take a couple seconds before he finally  attempts to make a tag; and by then it's obviously too late.  Speaking of  delayed reactions, the commentary is too monotonous and belongs with the  ranks of Genesis games.  I would take the classic, &quot;Bases  Loaded&quot;, over this junk any day.
Well, the graphics are amazing and the batter pitcher interface is smooth  and well thought out.  The rest, however, should have been worked on a  little more.The greatest strength is by far the pitcher batter  match-up.  When playing against another player, the game simulates reality  very well.  The pitcher can set up the batter like in a real baseball game.  You can throw a fast ball high and tight, and then fake the batter by  going low and inside with a change up.The biggest problem I have is that  about half of all at-bats are pop-ups to the infield.  The rest are  harmless grounders or strikeouts.  This game is incredibly difficult to hit  with, and makes it lack really any playability.Other problems are that  stats are not readily available at the end of a game, the sound is  reminiscent of a bad Genesis game, controlling runners is a pain, and there  is not much control on defense.This game is like an untested prospect,  lots of potential, but not really ready for the big time.  Best to wait for  World Series 2002, if the Dreamcast can survive that long.
Please don't get this game it sure aint worth any ten bucks heck I wouldnt pay 50 cents for it worst game I own
I expected a lot from Sega as they have delivered on almost every account of the &quot;World Series Baseball&quot; series (no pun intended). Also with the Dreamcast finally deciding to show its true ability, I saw stills of this game and was in awe. This very quickly ended as I first played the game. Oh my god, yes the graphics are amazing. That is where it ends. Players are detailed and stadiums are replicated down to the upperdeck chairs. But this cant save the game. The control is quirky at best, batting is a real hastle. Hmm, perhaps defense will  be better. No, quite the contrary. There is absolutely no fielding whatsoever. The ball flys in the air and the computer moves a player to the spot then u decide which base to throw too. Sound like fun? Didnt think so. Lets go try another mode. HA! No extra mode for you! We are presented with exhibition and season. Oh well, lets try playing a season with some of our friends. Nope, cant play on the same team as a friend. With lack of extras, poor control and lack of it as well, and no team playing, this game avois a 1 star with its amazing graphics. This game is horrid to play and I strongly suggest playing Tommy Lasorda Baseball for Sega Genesis over this game. At least you can field....
Shen Mue has received rave reviews from almost every on-line site and magazine that I have come across. But interestingly enough, almost every reader board I have seen on-line has expressed a very different opinion: This game was terribly disappointing. I'm an RPG fan, so I'm used to running around towns and talking to people, but when you're FORCED to do this for HOURS on end without any action, it gets tedious...and more tedious...and frustrating...and finally, you want to throw your Dreamcast out the window! I honestly think that the only reason this game received such great reviews was simply because it was one of the first RPGs on Dreamcast. Now that Grandia II, Phantasy Star, and Skies of Arcadia have been released, RPG-lovers have a MUCH better selection to choose from. Pick up one of those great games instead, and don't even bother with Shen Mue. From start to finish, it's just one big disappointment after another...
Well I thought I was getting sooooooo much more after all the hype, but honestly this was just plain boring. Pretty to look at, but shoddy controls and not enough fun stuff to do. mostly running around talking to npcs[non player characters]and opening doors looking for npcs. YAWN!!!!!!!!Yes it looks pretty but unless you like long drawn out storys and watching a game more then playing skip it .....
The one word to best describe Shenmue is not &quot;groundbreaking&quot; its repetative. Talk to 50 persons to find the one with the clue to carry the game forward and when you get that, repeat! Action is sparse and senseless wandering is essential to the game. I HATE talking to EVERYBODY to discover that I have to go to meet someone the next night! To make things worse youu can't skip time so you really have to wait and wait and wait. The &quot;Quick time events&quot; are cool but too far apart to save this snooze fest. Shenmue got old after Disc 1 and went downhill from there.The graphics are awesome and the idea behind the game is cool but not well done. This game can put you to sleep faster than sleeping pills. The worst part of this game is working in the harbour for 5 days and having to do that stupid forklift race each day, yawn and tedious to the MAX. I have no desire to finish the game as you never face the bad guy, not even in part 2 you just keep walking and talking, walking and talkin, walking and talking (get the point of this game). If you like wasting precious life that could be used to live then this is for you...otherwise get a more fulfilling gaming experience elsewhere.Two stars for graphics and innovative concept.
With all of the hype surrounding this game, I thought it would be a whole lot better than this. Of course by now you've heard about the great graphics. Okay, I'll give you that, but I want a game not a movie, so I care about how it plays and that's where 'Shenmue' falters. The gameplay consists of punch-punch-kick style action and at times it's restricted to you hitting one button along with the movie scene. 'Yawn'. I actually dropped off a little during part of it; no joke. While it is certainly a technical achievement, it's more movie than game.
This game is one of the most time-consuming and frivolous games out there for the Dreamcast.  The missions are dull with hardly any decent action.  The one quest that stands out in my mind the most is one where you have to find Mr. Yakamoto.  You are given no idea as to where he lives and go door to door trying to find him.  It always happens that his house is the last you look at.  Another problem is the fact that many of the quests are given to you at one time and you have to wait 24 hours before you can actually do them.  There is no way to make time go forward so about 35 of the 40 hours needed to complete this game will be on waiting around for the place you need to go to open.This game is very disappointing and if you are somewhat interested in it, borrow it from a friend.  If you don't have any friends, then only dish out the $6 to rent only if you think you might like it.
This is a good game, but not a great one. I hate to say it (because I like the loose concept of the game), but I was disappointed with Shenmue. I have to give recognition to the fine artistry and graphical quality. However, herein lies the problem.So much emphasis was put on the graphics that they forgot to add the game. Shenmue really isn't a video game at all. It is more like you are watching a movie and every once and awhile you have to pause it, do some tedious task, and then you get to watch a little more. You really don't feel like part of the game. It often felt to me that I was not playing at all, but watching someone else play. I kept waiting my turn, and before I got my turn the game was over. This problem was also exemplified by the fact that you can not die (lose, be killed, whatever you choose to call it). I don't know about you, but I like a bit of a challenge. Not even having Ryo's fate in my hands made me feel even more like a bystander.One other problem I have (probably the most significant to me) is that after all that "playing" you find out that you are just going to have to wait for the next video game to see what happens. You can form your own opinions about that, but I have to admit that I felt a bit taken. I just wanted to play a game. I didn't sign up for some long-term deal where I would have to buy several sets of discs to find out what happens. They should call the game Shenmue: Chapter One. At least then you would know that your entire [money] is going to only one chapter and not an entire game.If you want to see some great graphics and casually watch one chapter of a story unfold, then this game is for you. However, if you want a challenge, the possibility of losing, a game that may come out differently if you were to play it again, I don't think Shenmue is for you. I recommend Half-Life and Final Fantasy 9 for many hours of video game enjoyment. Happy gaming.
When I first bought this game after getting my Dreamcast, I thought it was decent. I really didn't like the time limit, I didn't like the fact that the "spray" button and the "center camera" button were both mapped to the same button, and I didn't like the mediocre frame rate. But I liked the graphic style, and the soundtrack was pretty cool.After playing the Xbox-only sequel, Jet Set Radio Future, I realized that it had everything this game was missing. Why put the primary function that needs a clear view on the same button as the one that resets your view - especially when there's no manual camera control (a problem with many Dreamcast games)? Answer: Don't, especially when there's a whole other button (the right trigger) that isn't being used. JSRF fixed that problem easily.Why have a time limit when your character both moves slowly, and is always being chased by police? Answer: Don't. Get rid of the time limit, speed up the character's movement, and restrict the police encounters to certain areas. JSRF fixed those problems easily.I'll admit, the better graphics and frame rate are the result of moving to a higher-powered system instead. So I won't fault the game for not being on better hardware when said hardware didn't exist at the time.It might seem like I'm just bashing this game for not being the second one, but...actually, that's exactly what I'm doing. Jet Set Radio Future is more fun, less frustrating, has better controls, and (since it was briefly the pack-in game for the Xbox) is going to be cheaper. Buy it, and leave this one as what it is: a rather uncomfortable stepping stone to a smooth rock that's aged far better.
The concept of making Wario immortal was, in my opinion, a stroke of genius, and handled flawlessly in Warioland 2. In this game, however, it wears thin very quickly, especially in the Boss battles, where one hit is often enough to send Wario flying off the screen, making it almost impossible to beat any given boss in less then seven tries.The game's level design must've looked good on paper, but is very poorly executed. You must go through each stage four or five times to find all the keys, chests and tresaures. Time of day is factored as well, and after finding a tresure almost every stage in the game is radically changed. For example, find the seeds in one level, and now there are huge vines growing everywhere in the levels you've already completed, allowing access to new areas and items. It can get very repetitives very quickly.Also, for some reason, Warioland 3 has the worst graphics of the series. The first game even looks better. Backgrounds are almost nonexistant, textures are bland, and, although this game was the first made specifically for the Game Boy Color, Wario is made up of only two colors. Huh?On top of all of this, you must track down your abilities, which Wario seems to have lost since the end of the last game. While this system worked wonders in Metroid Fusion, it's tedious and unnecissary in this game, the weakest of the otherwise outstanding Wario series.
Let me start off by saying that I am a huge nintendo fan and the DK games are some of my all time favs. DK country on the super nes is a true platform classic.  Now when I heard that game was being ported to the GBC I was excited.  I remembered how great the DK Land games were on the gameboy, so I knew that this game would be just as good.The moment I got this for my birthday, I hurridly popped it into my gameboy.  The game at first seemed alright, the sprites and graphics during gameplay Looked Like crap and moved super stiffly.  Even the older DK Land games had better physics.  But I chugged along with the game, upon getting further in the game I just couldn't take it anymore, the crappy gameplay got to me enough, I could not play it anymore, it kept pissing me off, this was nowhere near as fun as the supernes version.In the end I ended up throwing the cartridge against the wall.  Be smart and stay away from this piece of junk, go buy the GBA version or supernes version or buy it off the VC.  I Love DK but this game is pure garbage.
I owned this game when i got a game boy advance and I can tell you: IT SUCKED!!!Graphics 0/10- Terrible Graphics. Even an arcade game would have better graphics. other GBC Games would have better graphics. I am disgusted.Music 0/10- They screwed up the music and put other stuff in the game.Game Play -5/1000- harder and less fun.Overall -5,000,000/10- Stay away from it.
It's too late to have a refund, but the Rumble Pak doesn't work. PLUS, the seller didn't take out the batteries. Really? Want battery acid all over it?
This is only a rumble if you are under 8 years old, otherwise it&#8217;s ...tremble that is not worth the money or the AA batteries that you need for it. The Rumble Pack fits into the slot of your N64 controller, and then a save pack fits into the Rumble Pack, making the controller quite heavy! There are two settings for the pack, low and high. Another annoying part of the pack is that there are two modes, one to turn the Rumble Pack on, and the other to work your gamepack to save games. Its just a hassle, and the only games that really use it are Zelda when you are fishing and sporting games, so you can feel the action.
I have a love-hate relationship with this game.  I've played it for hours and hours and gotten a lot of fun out of it.  But there are three things that I have done my best to overlook but cannot:1.  That the thing is full of bugs!  Presumably this is because it was rushed to "press" to coincide with the release of the 4th STAR WARS film -- who knows?  But there are many times when your guy will suddenly die for no reason because you fell down some invisible hole, that kind of thing.2.  Your lightsaber is absurdly weak.  In the movie, the Jedis lightsabers cut through those droids on Naboo like butter.  In this game, you'll be giving them three or four whacks.  That doesn't look right, and that's not all:  the droids can give you a vicious uppercut that will fling you back about 20 feet or so.  It makes for some absurd viewing.3.  Back in the day I remember a couple of gamers who nicknamed this "Jumping Jedis."  Jumping challenges are par for the course with such video games, I guess, but the problem was the program's lighting, shadow-rendering, resolution -- or whatever -- was not good enough for such contests to be fair.  There's one fairly hellish sequence on Tatooine where you can't tell where your guy is, how far he has to jump, which way exactly he is facing, etc.  I think the game should have toned down all the jumping challenges until they were able to render the graphics with enough precision that you can tell where your effin' guy is on the screen.
This game is Very boring, all you do is kill the andorids in your way (which is Easy to accomplish) and then your faced with a big robot(and you think that is the end of level 1 it NOT) then you kill more andriod then your faced with a bit space ship. This game reminds me of the old Mario bros games, where you walk foward and get to the end. I was excpeting this game to be more like Spyro with hiden rooms, challanging villians and clues to figure out this game is so NOT like that!!Also my biggest Pet peeve about this game is you can not Save it at any time. You have to complete the Whole level before it will let you save your game. After playing for 3 hours and not finishing level 1, I unfortunatly died and was NOT allowed to save my progress. I had to start ALL over from the begaining. It took me another 4 hours to finish level 1 (after starting over from the begaining 50 times) When I finally finished level 1 I was FINALLY allowed to Save my game which SUCKS. If you get tired and want to save the game and come back later you CAN'T you'll have to finish the level before you can save it.
